Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Xianyun best build, Talent and Ascension materials, weapon, and team
Everything you need to know about Xianyun in Genshin Impact.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Guide
by
Jessica Orr
Senior Guides Writer
Updated on
March 14, 2025
Follow Genshin Impact
Xianyun
is a 5-Star Anemo character who was added to
Genshin Impact
during version 4.4.
While Xianyun is featured as the boosted 5-Star character in her The Crane Soars Skyward Banner in
version 5.5
, she will eventually return at some point in the future when the
Banner schedule
cycles back to her.
Whether you have her, or want to prepare for if you do Wish for her successfully, it's good to know the
best Xianyun build
in
Genshin Impact
, including her
best Artifacts
and
best team
. It's also handy to learn what her
Constellation
perks are, and what
Xianyun Talent materials
and
Ascension materials
are needed to level up Xianyun to her full potential.
On this page:
Xianyun materials and stats
:
Xianyun's kit
Xianyun Talent materials
Xianyun Ascension materials
Xianyun Constellations
Xianyun build
:
How to play Xianyun in Genshin Impact
Best Xianyun team
Best Xianyun Artifacts
Best Xianyun weapon
Best Xianyun build
Be sure to check out our
beginner's guide with tips and tricks
, and
Genshin Impact codes
page to get free
Primogems
that can be used towards unlocking Xianyun and other characters.
Genshin Impact Xianyun kit
Xianyun is a
5-Star Anemo character who uses a catalyst
and can be used in multiple roles, but mainly as a plunging attack buffer with healing capabilities.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Here's a summary of
Xianyun's kit in Genshin Impact
:
Element
: Anemo.
Rarity
: 5-Star.
Weapon
: Catalyst.
Normal Attack
: Word of Wind and Flower.
Elemental Skill
: White Clouds at Dawn.
Elemental Burst
: Stars Gather at Dusk.
Passive one
: Galefeather Pursuit - Each opponent hit by Driftcloud Waves from Xianyun's Elemental Skill grants all party members one stack of Storm Pinion for 20 seconds with a maximum of four stacks. This causes the characters' plunging attack Crit Rate to increase by 4/6/8/20% respectively. Each Storm Pinion created by hitting an enemy has an independent duration.
Passive two
: Consider, the Adeptus in Her Realm - When the Starwicker created by Xianyun's Elemental Burst has Adeptal Assistance stacks, nearby active characters' plunging attack shockwave damage is increased by 200% of Xianyun's attack. The maximum damage increase that can be achieved this way is 9,000. Each plunging attack's shockwave damage instance can only apply this increased damage effect to a single enemy. Each character can trigger this effect once every 0.4 seconds.
Traversal bonus
: Crane Form - Increases gliding speed by 15% for your active party member. Not stackable with passive talents that provide the exact same effects.
Xianyun Normal Attack - Word of Wind and Flower
Tapping the normal attack button makes Xianyun perform up to four hits that deal Anemo damage, but charging the normal attack instead consumes stamina to launch a Breeze Bolt in a straight line that deals Anemo damage to opponents along its path.
Plunging from the air harms all enemies on the way down, then deals AOE (area of effect) Anemo damage upon impact.
Xianyun Elemental Skill - White Clouds at Dawn
Xianyun enters the Cloud Transmogrification state where she doesn't take fall damage, and uses Skyladder once. In this state, Xianyun's plunging attack is converted into Driftcloud Wave instead, which deals AoE Anemo damage and ends the Cloud Transmogrification state. Damage dealt this way is considered plunging attack damage.
Each use of Skyladder while in this state increases the damage and AoE of the next Driftcloud Wave used.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Skyladder can be used while in mid-air, and when Skyladder is activated Xianyun leaps forward, dealing Anemo damage to enemies in her path. During each Cloud Transmogrification state Xianyun enters, Skyladder may be used up to three times, and one instance of Skyladder damage can be dealt to any one opponent.
If Skyladder is not used again in a short period, the Cloud Transmogrification state will be cancelled. If Xianyun does not use Driftcloud Wave while in this state, the next cooldown of White Clouds at Dawn will be decreased by three seconds.
Xianyun Elemental Burst - Stars Gather at Dusk
Xianyun creates a breeze that deals AOE Anemo damage and heals all nearby characters based on Xianyun's attack stat. It also summons a mechanism named Starwicker.
Starwicker continuously follows the active character to periodically heal all nearby party members, with healing scaled off Xianyun's attack stat. Starwicker starts with eight stacks of Adeptal Assistance, and while Adeptal Assistance is active, nearby active characters have their jump height increased. When the active character completes a plunging attack, Starwicker consumes one stack of Adeptal Assistance to deal AOE Anemo damage. Only one Starwicker can exist at once.
Genshin Impact Xianyun Talent materials
Lightless Eye of the Maelstrom. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
To get the most out of using Xianyun, you will have to level her skills up by using Talent materials, which vary from character-to-character.
You need to farm a lot of Scroll and Gold materials (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade Xianyun's capabilities.
As Xianyun has three Talents, you will have to spend three times the Talent materials listed below to fully upgrade all of her abilities, which we've also detailed below the table.
Here's what Xianyun Talent materials you need to improve one of her abilities:
Xianyun Talent level
Xianyun Talent materials
Mora cost
Level 2
x3 Teachings of Gold, x6 Divining Scroll
12,500
Level 3
x2 Guide to Gold, x3 Sealed Scroll
17,500
Level 4
x4 Guide to Gold, x4 Sealed Scroll
25,000
Level 5
x6 Guide to Gold, x6 Sealed Scroll
30,000
Level 6
x9 Guide to Gold, x9 Sealed Scroll
37,500
Level 7
x4 Philosophies of Gold, x4 Forbidden Curse Scroll, x1 Lightless Eye of the Maelstrom
120,000
Level 8
x6 Philosophies of Gold, x6 Forbidden Curse Scroll, x1 Lightless Eye of the Maelstrom
260,000
Level 9
x12 Philosophies of Gold, x9 Forbidden Curse Scroll, x2 Lightless Eye of the Maelstrom
450,000
Level 10
x16 Philosophies of Gold, x12 Forbidden Curse Scroll, x2 Lightless Eye of the Maelstrom, x1 Crown of Insight
700,000
Here's what Talent Materials you'll need to fully upgrade
one
of Xianyun's skills:
x1 Crown of Insight
x3 Teachings of Gold
x6 Divining Scroll
x6 Lightless Eye of the Maelstrom
x21 Guide to Gold
x22 Sealed Scroll
x31 Forbidden Curse Scroll
x38 Philosophies of Gold
1,652,500 Mora
To upgrade all
three
of Xianyun's skills, here's all the Talent Materials you'll need:
x3 Crown of Insight
x9 Teachings of Gold
x18 Divining Scroll
x18 Lightless Eye of the Maelstrom
x63 Guide to Gold
x66 Sealed Scroll
x93 Forbidden Curse Scroll
x114 Philosophies of Gold
4,957,500 Mora
Genshin Impact Xianyun Ascension materials
Clearwater Jade. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Just like Talents, you need to use Xianyun Ascension materials to upgrade her health, attack, defence, and critical hit effectiveness.
You need to farm a lot of Clearwater Jade and Scroll materials for Xianyun (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade her capabilities.
Unlike Talent materials, you only need to spend the below Ascension materials once to fully raise Xianyun to her highest character level. There is also Acquaint Fate rewarded for reaching certain Ascension levels. You can spend this Fate on the
standard and beginner Banners
to Wish for characters and weapons.
Here's what Xianyun Ascension materials and Mora you need to upgrade her for each Ascension level:
Xianyun Ascension level
Xianyun Ascension materials
Mora cost
Ascension reward
Level 20
x1 Vayuda Turquoise Sliver, x3 Clearwater Jade, x3 Divining Scroll
20,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 40
x3 Vayuda Turquoise Fragment, x2 Cloudseam Scale, x10 Clearwater Jade, x15 Divining Scroll
40,000
None
Level 50
x6 Vayuda Turquoise Fragment, x4 Cloudseam Scale, x20 Clearwater Jade, x12 Sealed Scroll
60,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 60
x3 Vayuda Turquoise Chunk, x8 Cloudseam Scale, x30 Clearwater Jade, x18 Sealed Scroll
80,000
None
Level 70
x6 Vayuda Turquoise Chunk, x12 Cloudseam Scale, x45 Clearwater Jade, x12 Forbidden Curse Scroll
100,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 80
x6 Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone, x20 Cloudseam Scale, x60 Clearwater Jade, x24 Forbidden Curse Scroll
120,000
None
In total, here's
all the Ascension Materials
you need for Xianyun in Genshin Impact:
x1 Vayuda Turquoise Sliver
x6 Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone
x9 Vayuda Turquoise Fragment
x9 Vayuda Turquoise Chunk
x18 Divining Scroll
x30 Sealed Scroll
x36 Forbidden Curse Scroll
x46 Cloudseam Scale
x168 Clearwater Jade
420,000 Mora
Genshin Impact Xianyun Constellations
By getting duplicates of Xianyun from wishing on Banners, you will receive her Stella Fortuna. This material allows you to unlock Constellation levels, with each upgrade either improving an existing Talent or Passive ability.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Here are all of
Xianyun's Constellations in Genshin Impact
:
Purifying Wind (C1)
: White Clouds at Dawn gains one additional charge.
Aloof From the World (C2)
: After using a Skyladder from her Elemental Skill, Xianyun's attack increases by 20% for 15 seconds. Additionally, the effects of the 'Consider, the Adeptus in Her Realm' passive talent are enhanced, so when the Starwicker created by her Elemental Burst has Adeptal Assistance stacks, nearby active characters' plunging attack shockwave damage is increased by 400% of Xianyun's attack. The maximum damage increase that can be achieved this way is 18,000. Each plunging attack shockwave damage instance can only apply this increased damage effect to a single enemy. Each character can trigger this effect once every 0.4 seconds.
Creations of Star and Moon (C3)
: Increases the level of Xianyun's Elemental Burst by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Mystery Millet Gourmet (C4)
: After using Skyladder 1/2/3 times during one of Xianyun's Elemental Skill Transmogrification states, when a Driftcloud Wave made during that instance hits an enemy, it heals all nearby party members for 50%/80%/150% of Xianyun's attack stat. This effect can be triggered once every five seconds.
Astride Rose-Colored Clouds (C5)
: Increases the Level of Xianyun's Elemental Skill by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
The Call Her Cloud Retainer (C6)
: After Skyladder has been used 1/2/3 times in one Cloud Transmogrification state caused by her Elemental Skill, the resultant Driftcloud Wave's Crit Damage is increased by 15%/35%/70%. Within 16 seconds after Xianyun has used her Burst, White Clouds at Dawn will not enter cooldown. This effect will be cancelled once she has used White Clouds at Dawn eight times.
How to play Xianyun in Genshin Impact
You should unlock her two passive talents as soon as possible so that Xianyan's Elemental Burst gives huge plunging attack buffs to other party members.
Xianyun's Burst is the most important part of her kit
, so you should prioritise levelling it up first, then her Skill.
After activating Xianyun's Burst, switch to your DPS and then start plunge attacking. You can do this up to eight times before Xianyun's buff expires, or time runs out. We recommend picking a DPS who can infuse with Swirls, claymore or catalyst users, or someone who already has high plunging damage (hi,
Xiao
).
To speed things along,
remember to dash cancel or normal attack cancel while chaining your plunging attacks
. Polearm characters need to normal attack cancel.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
We recommend you
only jump once before plunge attacking while using Xianyun's Skill
, as getting Anemo particles to recharge her Burst is more important than her own personal damage.
Lastly, keep in mind that Xianyun works best in single-target situations like fighting bosses because of the way her buffs work. She holds her own in AOE, it's just not ideal when compared to single-target situations.
Best Xianyun team in Genshin Impact
Xianyun is a great sub DPS that can be used to heal and buff a lot of different team types, and can even bring your old forgotten characters like Diluc back into the spotlight because of the way her plunging attack and Anemo buffs work.
Furina is one of the best characters to pair with Xianyun for huge DPS buffs. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
In most situations, you'll want to pair Xianyun with a DPS who benefits from her plunging buffs - like
Xiao
,
Hu Tao
,
Diluc
, or
Gaming
- or characters who can infuse with her Swirls.
Even if your DPS can't infuse with Xianyun's Swirls, your support and sub DPS characters can, so the usual favourites like
Fischl
,
Xingqiu
, and
Yelan
also work very well in Xianyun teams.
If you're lucky enough to have her,
Furina
is one of the best team members to run alongside Xianyun, as she applies a decent amount of Hydro while also providing huge teamwide support buffs - increasing the DPS of your party even further.
Although we generally don't recommend doing it because of its effect on other teams, a
C6 activated Bennett
can also work incredibly well with Xianyun because of his new Pyro infusion capabilities, allowing you to make a lot of other characters viable options to play with Xianyun.
Lastly, remember that Xianyun is also a pretty good teamwide healer, so you can slot her into any team in need of one.
Best Xianyun Artifacts in Genshin Impact
Part of the Viridescent Venerer set.
As with almost all Anemo support characters, the best Artifact set for Xianyun in Genshin Impact is the
4-piece Viridescent Venerer
, as it increases Anemo and Swirl damage while decreasing enemies Elemental Resistance to the element infused with Swirl.
However, if your DPS uses an element that can't infuse with Swirl (Anemo,  Geo, and Dendro) then you might want to equip either the
4-piece Noblesse Oblige
, or the
4-piece Forgotten Oath of Days Past
. Noblesse Oblige is good for increasing the attack for all party members after a Burst is activated, and Forgotten Oath of Days Past converts Xianyun's healing into damage.
Keep in mind that you can still use Viridescent Venerer if you're running good sub DPS characters though, as they can benefit from the Swirl reactions even when your DPS can't.
As for Xianyun's Artifact stats, you'll want to get enough Energy Recharge to consistently use her Burst in your rotations. Once you have enough Energy Recharge, we recommend prioritising attack, as this is what Xianyun scales off. Healing Bonus is a nice extra to have, but isn't as important as Energy Recharge and attack.
Best Xianyun weapon in Genshin Impact
As with most signatures, the
5-Star Crane's Echoing Call catalyst
is Xianyun's best weapon in Genshin Impact.
At Refinement 1 and Level 90, after Xianyun hits an opponent with a Plunging Attack with Crane's Echoing Call equipped, all nearby party members' plunging attacks deal 28% increased damage for 20 seconds. When nearby party members hit opponents with plunging attacks, they restore 2.5 energy to Xianyun. Energy can be restored this way every 0.7 seconds, and this energy regain effect can be triggered even if Xianyun is not on the field.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
You can also repurpose other 5-Star catalysts for Xianyun as a 'stat stick', most notably the
Skyward Atlas
and the
Memory of Dust
. Keep in mind that the additional buffs aren't great on these weapons - it's just the huge attack stat increase that makes them viable.
However, one of Xianyun's best weapons is actually the
4-Star Oathsworn Eye
for its boost to Energy Recharge after using an Elemental Skill. As this is an event weapon, you might not have access to it. If you don't have Oathsworn Eye, then the
Favonious Codex
is a decent 4-Star alternative for its energy particle generation on critical hits.
The
3-Star Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers
can also work to buff your DPS if you don't have better options.
Version 6.4 Phase 2 sees the returning 5-Star
Skirk
and a rerun of
Escoffier
. 

So don't forget to redeem
new codes
for
Primogems
to help pull them, and check out our regularly updated
tier list
.

You need luck from the
Pity and 50/50 systems
to
Wish with Fate
for characters on
Banners
, and you always need the right
Adventure Rank
for events.

Elsewhere, we have
tips and tricks for beginners
.
Genshin Impact best Xianyun build
If you want to take advantage of her support capabilities while keeping her alive, we have compiled what we think is currently the
best Xianyun build in Genshin Impact
:
Xianyun Best Weapon
: 5-Star Crane's Echoing Call catalyst.
Xianyun Best Artifacts
: 4-piece Viridescent Venerer.
Xianyun Best team comp
: Xiao, Furina, Faruzan.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
It can take a lot of time to farm for the materials needed to get Xianyun to her full potential, but she could be a worthy addition to your roster if you're in need of an Anemo Swirler with healing capabilities and huge plunging damage enhancements for your team.
Good luck levelling up Xianyun in Genshin Impact!