Place Categories:
Food Nightlife
and
Hotels
Profile
Photos
Map
Reviews
Overview
The Philadelphia Downtown Courtyard opened it´s doors after a grand $75 million restoration, recapturing the grandeur of its 1926 origins while incorporating state of the art systems throughout.
Designed by renowned architect Phillip H. Johnson, the 18-story, 498-room hotel is listed on the “National Register of Historic Places” and stands as a charming testament to time with elegant bronze work, plaster detailing, striking marble finishes and unique architectural details.
Catering to both leisure and business travelers, the historic full-service hotel is ideally located in the “Heart of Center City” across from City Hall, one block to the Pennsylvania Convention Center and within walking distance of the Financial & Historic Districts, Avenue of the Arts and some of the finest restaurants and shopping the city has to offer.
Guestroom Features
The hotel features stylishly appointed oversized guestrooms with 11ft-high ceilings, a 42” LCD TV, Refrigerator, I-Pod Docking Station Alarm Clock, complimentary Wireless or Wired internet access, and Marriott´s plush Revive bedding package.
In addition, the property offers 61 suites for those who like additional room and added comfort as well as 50 rooms which include a striking Wall Mural of Philadelphia´s Independence Hall.
Hotel Services
As the largest Courtyard by Marriott in the United States, this hotel is truly unique offering all the full-service features and amenities you would expect from a premier hotel.
The Annex Grille & Lounge serves American Cuisine for breakfast, lunch & dinner as well as is a great location for a refreshing beverage or cocktail. Or you can dine in the convenience of your guestroom with the hotel´s evening Room Service.
The hotel´s Lobby Concierge Services and Bellman are ready to assist you with any request as well as information on all Philadelphia has to offer.
Stay in shape in the hotel´s State of the Art Fitness Center, and then unwind in the Indoor Pool and Whirlpool. If you are looking for a quiet place to getaway, visit our Philip H. Johnson Library where you can read all about Historic Philadelphia.
Meetings & Events
Recently featured on WE TV´s “My Fair Wedding”, the Courtyard Marriott Philadelphia is one of the city´s leading venues for corporate and social affairs with over 10,000 sq ft of flexible meeting space, including two Grand Ballrooms each with over 3,000 square feet accommodating up to 250 people. In addition, the hotel has a total of 11 meeting rooms making it an ideal home for all occasions. The hotel boasts an experienced full-service Event and Culinary Teams, ready to take care of all the details and ensure your event is not only a success, but a lasting memory.
No Records Found
Sorry, no records were found. Please adjust your search criteria and try again.
Google Map Not Loaded
Sorry, unable to load Google Maps API.
Driving
Walking
Bicycling
Public Transport
Miles
Kilometers
Leave a Review
Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published.
Required fields are marked
*
Review text
Overall:
Select a rating
Name
*
Email
*
Website
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Previous
Next