Click Here to Add Beebom as a Trusted Source
Add as a preferred source on Google
The Anemo Archon Venti is soon making a return to the banners in Genshin Impact 5.5. Venti is an Anemo user with the bow weapon type and he loves dealing swirl damage by grouping enemies. He’s been playable since the starting days of Genshin Impact, so his build has seen multiple iterations over the years. To help Venti mains stay up to date, here I have created an updated Venti build in Genshin Impact with new teams, artifacts, and weapons.
Best Venti Build in Genshin Impact
Image Credit: Hoyoverse (via YouTube/GenshinImpact, screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
Venti can be built either as an EM support or Crit DPS. EM Venti continues to be the better build option, while, Crit Venti is also fun to play. Our best build for Venti in Genshin Impact prioritizes EM Venti over his Crit counterpart. Here is the best EM Venti build in Genshin Impact:
Artifact
: Viridescent Venerer (4-piece)
Weapon
: Elegy for the End (5-star), The Stringless (4-star)
Main Stats
: EM (Sands), EM (Goblet), and EM (Circlet)
Sub Stats
: Energy Recharge (200%) > EM > Attack% = Crit Rate > Crit Damage
Team
: Venti, Ganyu, Citlali, Sangonomiya Kokomi
However, if you don’t want to play EM Venti or want more variations of his EM build, fret not as the following parts include multiple variations for both EM and Crit Venti builds.
Venti Artifacts in Genshin Impact
Image Credit: Hoyoverse (via YouTube/GenshinImpact, screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
Viridescent Venerer (4-piece)
Glided Dreams (4-piece)
Emblem of Severed Fate (4-piece)
Wanderer’s Troupe and The Instructor (2-piece each)
The Instructor (4-piece)
Viridescent Venerer continues to be the best artifact for Venti
. Both his Crit and EM builds should prioritize using Viridescent Venerer as it is the best Anemo artifact set in the game. This artifact increases the wearer’s Anemo damage by 15% while also increasing their Swirl damage by 60%. Additionally, the enemy hit by the swirl reaction will have 40% reduced Elemental Resistance for the elements fused in the Swirl. If you have this set with good stats, you should not be looking at other artifacts for Venti.
But
, if your best Viridescent Venerer sets are occupied elsewhere or you simply don’t want to farm for it,
try out Gilded Dreams
for Venti’s EM build or Emblem of Severed Fate for his Crit build instead.
Other than that, a 2-piece combo of Wanderer’s Troupe and The Instructor or a 4-piece of The Instructor are also decent options if you don’t have the other artifacts.
Also Read:
Genshin Impact Tier List – Best Characters Ranked for Luna VI Update (April 2026)
Venti Stats in Genshin Impact
Image Credit: Hoyoverse (via YouTube/GenshinImpact, screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
Stats for EM Venti
build
:
Sands
: EM%
Goblet
: EM%
Circlet
: EM%
Sub-stats
: ER > EM > Attack % = Crit Rate > Crit Damage
For EM Venti build in Genshin Impact,
first prioritize meeting the Energy Recharge requirement
. If Venti is the solo Anemo character in his team, then you will need at least 200% ER to meet the requirement. Once that’s checked, prioritize adding Elemental Mastery first, followed by Attack %. Remember that Crit isn’t the priority for this build as Venti’s damage will scale on EM instead of Crit.
Stats for Crit Venti
build
:
Sands
: ATK%
Goblet
: Anemo Damage % > ATK%
Circlet
: Crit Rate = Crit Damage
Sub-stats
: ER > Crit Rate = Crit Damage > ATK % > EM
Crit Venti builds should also focus on meeting the
200% ER requirement firs
t. However, prioritize adding Crit Rate and Crit Damage next instead of EM. As always, follow the ideal 1:2 ratio for Crit Rate and Damage. Next on the priority list for Venti is ATK%. Remember that both EM and Flat Stats are last on the priority list for Venti’s Crit build.
Best Venti Weapons (Bow) in Genshin Impact
Image Credit: Hoyoverse (via YouTube/GenshinImpact, screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
Elegy for the End
Polar Star
The Stringless
Aqua Simulacra
Skyward Harp
Mouun’s Moon
Alley Hunter
Prototype Crescent
Favonius Warbow
Elegy for the End is the best bow
for EM Venti builds in Genshin Impact. For Crit Venti builds, you can use the 5-star Bow Polar Star instead. When it comes to his 4-star bow options, The Stringless is the best 4-star weapon for both of his builds.
If you don’t have these three weapons, then you can use 5-star alternatives like Aqua Simulacra or Skyward Harp. For the 4-star alternatives, Mouun’s Moon, Alley Hunter, Prototype Crescent and Favonius Warbow are decent options for Venti.
Venti Teams in Genshin Impact
Image Credit: Hoyoverse (via YouTube/GenshinImpact, screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
Venti-Ganyu Freeze
: Venti, Ganyu, Citlali/Shenhe, Sangonomiya Kokomi/Kamisato Ayato
Electro Charged
: Venti, Yelan/Xingqiu/Sangonomiya Kokomi, Fischl/Beidou, Xilonen/Kazuha
Pyro Swirl
: Venti, Kazuha, Bennet, Mavuika/Yoimiya/Klee
Anemo Hypercarry
: Venti, Wanderer/Xiao, Faruzan, Bennet/Iansan
Freeze teams continue to be the strongest team comp for Venti
. Ganyu freeze teams in particular can extract the most out of Venti, making the best usage of Ganyu’s Ice shards from her Ultimate. With Citlali’s release, she can act as a much better Cryo applier over Shenhe, but either of them are a good pick for the Venti-Ganyu freeze team. Other than that, you can use either Sangonomiya Kokomi or Kamisato Ayato for Hydro application. Yelan and Xingqiu can also work if you have them instead.
Electro-charged teams are also one of the best team comps for Venti
. Pair Venti alongside Yelan, Xingqiu or Kokomi as hydro applier and use either Fischl or Beidou for electro application. For the fourth spot, you can use any strong support or healer that you have. Kazuha and
Xilonen
are both great choices, each providing separate benefits on top of resistance shred.
Pyro Swirl is also strong with Venti
, particularly after the recent release of Pyro Archon Mavuika. Pair Venti alongside Kazuha and Bennet. For the fourth spot, either pick Mavuika, Yoimiya, or Klee. Xiangling can also be used but she has worse synergy in this team due to her slow pyro application compared to the others mentioned earlier.
Last but not least,
a pure Anemo Hypercarry team
also works great with Venti. Use Xiao or Wanderer as the main Anemo DPS, use Faruzan to buff the Anemo damage and either use Bennet or
Iansan
to further increase the damage output of the team.
So, did you manage to land the Anemo Archon Venti in Genshin Impact? If you did, tell us in the comments about the build you prioritize for Venti from our guide.
Related Articles
Varesa Build: Kit, Materials, Teams, Weapons in Genshin Impact
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Mar 14, 2025
Genshin Impact Nod-Krai: Everything You Need to Know!
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Mar 11, 2025
Genshin Impact Banners – All Next and Current Banners (April 2026)
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Mar 6, 2025
Genshin Impact Wriothesley Build: Kit, Materials, Teams and Weapons
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Mar 6, 2025
#Tags
#Genshin Impact
Sanmay Chakrabarti
An old soul who loves CRPGs and Souls-Like to death. Takes pleasure in simplifying "Complex and Hard" games for casual players with tailored guides and videos. He loves to explore new places, read fantasy fiction, watch anime, and create wacky character builds in his off time. He also loves solving puzzles,  and is proud of maintaining his long winning streak on NYT Connections.
Comments
0
Leave a Reply
Cancel reply
Add new comment
Name
Email ID
Δ
Loading comments...
Recommended Articles
Best Columbina Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Zibai Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Illuga Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Jahoda Build: Teams, Artifacts and Weapons
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Varka Build, Kit, Teams and Materials
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Linnea Build, Kit, and Weapons
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Instructor Set: How to Effectively Farm Artifacts
Sanmay Chakrabarti
More In Gaming
Sailor Piece Guilds Guide
Ishan Adhikary
How to Get Guild Keys in Sailor Piece
Ishan Adhikary
How to Spawn Sea Beasts in Sailor Piece
Ishan Adhikary
How to Get Dragon Goddess Sword in Sailor Piece
Bipradeep Biswas
How to Get The World in Sailor Piece
Bipradeep Biswas
How to Get Cosmic Being in Sailor Piece
Bipradeep Biswas
How to Get World Outfit in Sailor Piece
Arnamoy Das