Best teams for Zani in Wuthering Waves
Gaming
April 29, 2025
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
WhatsApp
Zani is a 5-star Spectro Gauntlet DPS
in Wuthering Waves that has a powerful and unique kit. She is centered around the Spectro Frazzle mechanic, and uses it to deal incredible damage.
Zani is definitely one of the best DPS
characters in the game right now. However, she requires very specific teams to get maximum value. Here are the best teams for Zani in Wuwa.
Zani Wuwa best teams
Zani has very limited teams in
Wuthering Waves
, which comes as a bit of a letdown for players that would have wanted her to work in different teams.
Zani heavily relies on Spectro Frazzle and characters that can enable it. This means that the Zani teams in Wuthering Waves are:
Zani/Phoebe/Shoreekeeper
Zani/Phoebe/Verina
Zani/Spectro Rover/Shorekeeper
Zani/Spectro Rover/Verina
Zani/Spectro Rover/Phoebe
Spectro Rover or Phoebe are absolute musts for Zani, as they enable Spectro Frazzle. This allows Zani to deal ludicrous amounts of damage.
Pairing Zani with anyone else results in a tremendous damage fall off which is not what you will be looking for.
As for supports, Shorekeeper and Verina are the obvious choices. Either of them work but Shorekeeper is slightly better due to the buffs she provides.
Ultimately, Zani is a very restrictive character when it comes to teambuilding. You will have to pair her only with characters that can enable Spectro Frazzle.
Related
Fisch complete Second Sea guide— How to unlock, new Bestiary, Rods, and more
Ciaccona, the other new character in Wuwa Version 5.3
, will be running in the second half of the update.
She is expected to enable Spectro Frazzle via her Resonance Liberation, which can make her a strong sub-DPS choice for Zani teams if you wish to run Phoebe as a main DPS in other teams.
While Wuthering Waves might introduce other characters with Spectro Frazzle in the future, the current state of teambuilding for Zani is very one-dimensional. However, she absolutely thrives in this particular niche as one of the strongest DPS in the game.
Tags
Open World Games
PC Gaming
Wuthering Waves
Siddarth Narasimman
Siddarth Narasimman is an Esports and Gaming writer who specializes in covering a wide array of games. His primary focus lies in Genshin Impact, Wuthering Waves, Zenless Zone Zero, League of Legends, Counter-Strike, and Valorant, with additional expertise on games such as Dead by Daylight, Marvel Rivals, and Hollow Knight.Apart from writing, Siddarth loves to hit the gym and spend time watching interesting videos and TV shows.
Search
Latest articles
How Windows is ruining perfectly good laptops
April 20, 2026
How Deadlock is changing MOBA forever
April 20, 2026
Steam’s all-expense-paid Hawaii trip wins fans while Epic Games faces backlash over job cuts and blame game
April 17, 2026
“Steam can’t stop winning” Valve might have just solved one of the biggest issues in gaming with VRAMs
April 16, 2026
Previous article
Zenless Zone Zero Say It With Flowers Event Guide
Next article
VTuber Sinder and REDACTED controversy timeline explained
Related articles
How Deadlock is changing MOBA forever
Gaming
April 20, 2026
Steam’s all-expense-paid Hawaii trip wins fans while Epic Games faces backlash over job cuts and blame game
Gaming
April 17, 2026
“Steam can’t stop winning” Valve might have just solved one of the biggest issues in gaming with VRAMs
Gaming
April 16, 2026