Nilou is a beloved dancer for the Zubayr Theater, whose unparalleled skills and bright personality is loved by all. In battle, she's a five-star Hydro sword user with a kit that reflects her love for dance. If you were lucky enough to pull for Nilou, here's everything you need to prepare to max her out.
Recommended Videos
All Nilou level-up, Talent, & Ascension materials in Genshin Impact
Nilou Level-up cost
You need to prepare the following resources to level Nilou up to 80 or 90, whichever you prefer.
Level
Hero's Wit
Mora
Level one to 80
248
987,905
Level one to 90
420
1,672,530
Nilou Ascension materials & cost
You need to prepare
420,000 Mora
and the following materials to fully Ascend Nilou to Ascension level six.
Local Specialty & Boss Material
x168 Padisarah
x46
Perpetual Caliber
Nilou's local specialty is the
Padisarah
, which can be farmed in Sumeru's rainforest area. Meanwhile, her World Boss material is the Perpetual Caliber, obtainable from the
Aeonblight Drake
in Devantaka Mountain.
Gemstones
x1 Varunada Lazurite Sliver
x9
Varunada Lazurite
Fragment
x9
Varunada Lazurite
Chunk
x6
Varunada Lazurite
Gemstone
These are dropped by all Hydro Normal and World Bosses, including the
Hydro Hypostasis
and Oceanid. Additionally, you can
convert materials
using the Crafting Table to turn any of your existing Gemstones into Hydro ones.
Common materials
x18 Fungal Spores
x30 Luminescent Pollen
x36 Crystalline Cyst Dust
You'll have to travel to Sumeru to farm Nilou's Ascension materials from
fungi
that are defeated without being activated by Electro or scorched by Pyro. Paimon's Bargains also sells a few of these every month.
Related:
Nilou’s Special Dish and how to cook it in Genshin Impact
Talent level-up materials & cost
You must prepare
1,652,500 Mora
and the following materials to level up all three of Nilou's Talents to
level 10
. Naturally, the cost will be a lot lower if you don't intend to triple-crown this character.
Talent materials
x9 Teachings of Praxis
x63 Guide to
Praxis
x114 Philosophies of
Praxis
These can be farmed from the
Steeple of Ignorance
in Sumeru on Wednesdays, Saturdays, and Sundays.
Common materials
x18 Fungal Spores
x66
Luminescent Pollen
x93
Crystalline Cyst Dust
You'll have to travel to Sumeru to farm Nilou's Talent materials from
fungi
that are defeated without being activated by Electro or scorched by Pyro. Paimon's Bargains also sells a few of these every month.
World Boss material & Crown of Insight
x3 Crown of Insight
x18 Tears of the Calamitous God
Crowns of Insight are limited rewards that can be obtained from big events. Meanwhile, Nilou's Weekly Boss material can be farmed from the Raiden Shogun Boss at the
End of the Oneiric Euthymia
Domain in Narukami Shrine.
For more on Nilou, check out our guide on the
Best Nilou builds in Genshin Impact – weapons, Artifacts, & more!
here on Pro Game Guides.
More Posts from PGG