Genshin Impact: Best Nilou Team Compositions Guide
By
Nahda Nabiilah
Updated
Apr 11, 2023, 4:15 AM EDT
Nahda Nabiilah is a writer and editor from Indonesia. She has always loved writing and playing games, so one day she decided to combine the two. Most of the time, writing gaming guides is a blast for her, due to it being two of Nahda's favorite things. She strives to make detailed and easy-to-follow guides.
Sign in to your
GameRant
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Nilou
Hydro
Sword
Sumeru
Guides
Ascension
Builds
Weapons
Team Comp
Constellation
Player Mistakes
Back to All Characters
Composing a team in
Genshin Impact
is one aspect of the game that makes the playtime enjoyable. Players must create a team that synergizes well with each other to ease their time in clearing content that involves battling.
Since the characters of
Genshin Impact
are made to possess their own unique skill set, players can experiment with many combinations to discover the most effective mix of all. Successfully doing so will allow each character to shine, while the failure to properly combine characters will cause them to appear underwhelming. When it comes to the Star of the Zubayr Theater, here’s the best team composition for Nilou in
Genshin Impact
.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Sumeru Local Specialty Guide
Updated on April 11, 2023, by Nahda Nabiilah:
Although Nilou's team compositions suffered from hard limitations before, with Genshin Impact's ever-expanding roster, those limitations are slowly changing. Since the 3.6 version is getting a Nilou rerun banner in Genshin Impact, this guide will be updated to include all the new characters and tips to improve Nilou team comps. Now, characters like Nahida, Alhaitham, or even Yaoyao can perfectly operate in Nilou teams and hopefully, Nilou will keep getting more options to expand her teams.
How Nilou Team Compositions Work In Genshin Impact
The best Nilou
team composition in
Genshin Impact
revolves around the
Bloom Reaction
. Before diving into what players need to know about her team, it's important to first lay out the mechanics for the Bloom Elemental Reaction:
Bloom occurs when
Dendro + Hydro
meets. It produces Dendro Cores that will explode after a short delay, dealing Dendro DMG.
Dendro Cores will deal Dendro DMG to the active character, but the damage is greatly reduced to around 5% of the original. This may seem little, but with Nilou's assistance, players will end up with a major HP loss after each rotation.
Because of her first-Ascension passive (A1), Nilou currently has a highly
limited team composition in
Genshin Impact
.
Her team can only consist of Dendro and Hydro characters
. Additionally, since Nilou’s gameplay revolves around the Bloom Reaction,
the team badly requires a healer
. Otherwise, the party will end up with low HP at the later stage of the fight.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: 4-Star Characters That Are As Good As 5-Stars
Therefore, Nilou team comp is practically one of these two:
Nilou + Hydro or Dendro Main DPS + Hydro Sub-DPS + Dendro Healer
Nilou + Hydro or Dendro Main DPS + Dendro Sub-DPS + Hydro Healer
For example, a Nilou team comp would look like this:
Nilou + Kokomi + Dendro MC + Nahida
Nilou + Nahida + Yelan + Baizhu
Nilou + Alhaitham + Yaoyao + Yelan
Nilou + Ayato + Yaoyao + Collei
Nilou + Kaveh + Yaoyao + Xingqiu
Of course, if Travelers are adept at dodging, then they can play without a healer. Getting damaged by Dendro will boost the team’s Elemental Mastery (EM) by 100 for 10s, so players can attempt to get the team damaged by one instance of Dendro every 10s. Alternatively, players can forget the 100 EM buff and avoid all the Dendro Cores before they explode.
The Best Nilou Team Compositions In Genshin Impact
With many combinations that can be equally effective in Nilou team comps, it is better to lay out the best characters to pair with her and what they offer and take inside her team.
Alhaitham
Alhaitham is a wonderful addition to Nilou Bloom teams in
Genshin Impact
as the Acting Grand Sage can effectively operate as a Dendro enabler for the team and help set the field ready for many Dendro cores. However, as a melee Dendro DPS,
pairing Alhaitham with Nilou makes it essential to add a healer
to the team to keep his HP steady as he consumes all those Core explosions.
Nahida
Nahida is undoubtedly the best Dendro unit to include in any of Nilou team comps in
Genshin Impact
. On top of her Elemental Mastery buff, Nahida can operate as an on-field Dendro enabler or stay off-field, and her Tri-Karma Purification keeps the Dendro application ongoing throughout the combat. This flexibility allows players to bring along any Dendro or Hydro character they can think of to be part of Nilou's teams.
Baizhu
baizhu snake and glasses
Baizhu is the first 5-star Dendro healer in
Genshin Impact
. Other than healing, he also provides shield and occasional Dendro DMG, perfect for a Bloom team.
Kaveh
Since Kaveh infuses his weapon with Dendro, it's a great idea to use him as the main DPS of a Nilou team. Although, of course, he won't be as powerful as the 5-star DPS options.
Yaoyao
Just like Nahida, Yaoyao can work both on and off-field. While her off-field Dendro enabling is limited, Yaoyao has a great on-field Dendro application while she runs around with her Elemental Burst active. Most importantly,
Yaoyao is a Dendro healer
, which puts less pressure on players to include Kokomi or Barbara in Nilou Bloom team comps in
Genshin Impact
.
Collei/Dendro MC
Both Collei and Dendro MC are strong in their Dendro-enabling capabilities. With similar kits, it is safe to say that Dendro MC is much better than Collei in their off-field Dendro application, while Collei is slightly better on-field thanks to her Sprout.
Kokomi/Barbara
Since it's essential to include healers in Nilou teams,
Hydro users like Kokomi or Barbara can offer much-needed support
. However, as a 4-star starter character, Barbara's kit is limited and can only offer minor Hydro application and healing.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: All Dandy Challenges Locations (4 Precious Chest Reward)
That's not the case for Kokomi, though. Other than her excellent healing abilities, Kokomi is a strong off-field Hydro enabler that can continuously apply Hydro in a significant AoE, making it easy to trigger more Dendro Cores. Additionally, the Strategist can also take the field and be as effective in Hydro enabling while on-field.
Candace
In this mix, Candace can help Nilou work as a DPS by granting
Hydro infusion via her Elemental Burst
. However, note that this means players have to stack some ATK on Nilou. Candace greatly benefits from the HP boost from Hydro Resonance.
Kamisato Ayato/Tartaglia
Kamisato
Ayato can play as both the main DPS and Hydro enabler
in this combination. Ayato also minorly benefits from the HP boost from Hydro Resonance. As for Childe, he is here to play as a sub-DPS. Hydro Resonance is rather useless for Tartaglia, but the Fatui can bring other values via his Riptide effect. After applying Riptide, the enemies will continuously burst Hydro DMG each time they’re defeated by the Dendro Cores.
Xingqiu/Yelan
Xingqiu is one of the best
sub-DPS in
Genshin Impact
, so his value should not be questioned. In this combination, the Hydro Resonance will help Xingqiu provide better healing. Sadly, though, his Rain Sword does not reduce the damage inflicted by the Dendro Cores (although the Rain Sword will still get shattered normally). On the other hand, Yelan is likely one of the characters that benefit most from Hydro Resonance. Although she can’t bring defensive values like Xingqiu, she’s still an amazing option to deal some extra damage on the field.
Genshin Impact
is now available on Mobile, PC, PS4, and PS5. A Switch version is in development.
Strategy Guides
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which recently released Nintendo cozy game do you prefer?
Pokemon Pokopia
Pokemon Pokopia
56.7%
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
43.3%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Xbox Unveils Brand New Logo with Return to Classic Green
Pokemon Winds and Waves Leak Points to the Biggest Region Yet
Returning GTA 6 Feature Leaves Gamers Divided