Genshin Impact Nilou Build Guide: Talents, Gears, And Team Comps (2022)
Muhammad Kumar
-
Oct 15, 2022
|
Mobile Games
If you are planning on building a Dendro bloom team, Nilou is probably the first character to have. Here's the best Genshin Impact Nilou build in 2022.
TOP 5 F2P And Pay-To-Win GANYU Teams In Genshin Impact
Top 5 Characters To Team Up With Genshin Impact CYNO In Update 3.1
Genshin Impact 3.1: Top 7 Reasons To SKIP Cyno, Nilou, Venti & Albedo Banners
Nilou is a 5-star Hydro Sword Character in Genshin Impact. She is going to debut in the 3.1 version of Genshin Impact, where the desert portion of Sumeru is unlocked. Overall, Nilou is a Hydro sword-user who can play both DPS and support roles on Bloom teams specifically, thanks to her unique Skill that allows for varying playstyles.
In this article, Gurugamer.com is going to showcase a complete Genshin Impact Nilou build guide.
Table of Contents
1. Genshin Nilou Skillset Overview
2. How to use Nilou
3. Best Artifacts for Nilou
4. Best Weapons for Nilou
5. Best Nilou team comps
1. Genshin Nilou Skillset Overview
With the Dendro Element being the new, trendy thing in Genshin, Nilou's kit is pretty much hyper-specialized for teams utilizing the Bloom reaction. She needs a team with only Hydro and Dendro characters, as she doesn't benefit from other types of reactions.
When using Nilou’s skill, she can then do a 3-hit combo in any combination of Normal Attack and Skill button presses, all dealing Hydro damage based on Max HP. The last hit will determine which stance she takes.
Normal Attack: Luminous Illusion continuously converts her Normal Attacks to Swords Dance moves for 8 seconds. This is Nilou’s DPS stance, and should be used when you want her to spend as much time on-field as possible.
Skill: Water Wheel creates a ring around the active character that continuously applies Wet to enemies. The ICD on her Wheel is 2 seconds, but will tick every half-second checking for new enemies to affect. This is Nilou’s support stance, and although it doesn’t deal damage, it allows her to apply Hydro from off-field.
Nilou’s Burst is simply 2 modest instances of Hydro damage, which equates to two more applications of Hydro for Bloom Generation.
Her passive talent, however, is what makes her stand out in comparison with other Hydro characters. It buffs Bloom damage massively and turn Dendro Cores into Bountiful Cores which explode right away, and deal more damage in a bigger AoE.
The best constellations for Nilou are C1 and C2, which increases both her own damage and her teammates' damage.
2. How to use Nilou
It is highly recommended to get Nilou to level 90 to boost her base HP pool as high as possible, as well as to enable her Blooms to have the highest possible level scaling for base damage. Players should focus on Nilou's skill - her Burst can be neglected entirely and her Normal Attacks are the only talents that use her ATK stat.
Nilou combos
While Nilou’s combos may seem complicated at first glance, they’re fairly simple. Each type of attack as Nilou dances serves a purpose (application range, number of enemies hit, etc.) despite having different multipliers.
*
Q, E, N3x6 (Optional Burst, Skill, 18 Swords Dance attacks) –
On-Field Focus
*
Q, E E E E (Optional Burst, Skill, 3 Whirling Steps attacks) –
Off-Field Focus
*
Q, E, N3 (Optional Burst, Skill, 3 Sword Dance attacks) -
Off-Field Focus
(
use this rotation to apply Nilou’s buff while minimizing her own Bloom ownership
)
3. Best Artifacts for Nilou
Nilou’s talents scale purely off HP and Bloom reactions scale purely with Elemental Mastery. Therefore, Nilou only needs HP, Elemental Mastery, and sometimes Energy Recharge (if players want to use her Burst off-cooldown).
Artifact Main Stats
Overall, players need to stack as much HP% as possible on Nilou, or HP% + ER% to reach 180% ER. Focusing on HP% gear makes Nilou very easy to farm for and to build (as you don’t worry about crit) and gives her the highest possible team-wide boost to Bloom damage through her A4 passive.
Artifact Sets
Nilou is fairly flexible. In general the best option is
2-PC Tenacity of the Milleleth
for the 20 HP%, with any of the following 2-sets:
2-PC Gilded Dreams, 2-PC Heart of Depth, 2-PC Noblesse
.
4-PC Deepwood Memories
is also an option for the Dendro RES Shred.
How to prepare for Nilou
4. Best Weapons for Nilou
The best weapon for Nilou is obviously her signature
Key of Khaj-Nisut
from the weapon banner. It gives lots of HP% and allows Nilou to convert her max HP to an EM buff for herself and for the rest of the team. Allows Nilou to double dip by getting high EM while building full HP%, which both empower her Blooms.
Key of Khaj-Nisut
Outside of this, your weapon choice depends on your Nilou build and whether or not you have 180% ER. Below are the best alternate choices:
R5 Sacrificial Sword - Any hit from Sword stance can reset the skill cooldown, which allows Nilou to use Sword stance attacks while her Tranquility Aura is active
R5 Xiphos’ Moonlight - good stat stick and benefits team, but depends on refinements
Freedom-Sworn / Primordial Jade Cutter – just for the stats.
Iron Sting - Craftable EM stat stick; R5 is competitive with and sometimes bests other options here.
Sapwood Blade - Craftable option to provide a small bonus amount of EM to an ally.
5. Best Nilou team comps
As mentioned before, Nilou is only effective in Bloom teams. Nilou’s passive allows Blooms to explode almost immediately, deal more damage, and expand the range of Bloom explosions.
Dendro teammates are pretty much the only ones Nilou can support.
There are three options for team structures:
Double Resonance (2 Hydro 2 Dendro)
As you need Nilou to trigger Bloom and not the other Hydro character, it is best to run a character with very minimal Hydro application like Barbara. Your double resonance team will basically be restricted to
Nilou, Dendro Traveler, Collei, and Kokomi or Barbara.
A healer is needed for Bloom teams as Dendro cores also deal damage to your character.
Triple Dendro
Triple Dendro can ensure Nilou has full ownership of the Blooms she buffs. However, sacrificing the new Hydro resonance HP boost is a huge detriment, so the bar for Dendro performance must be high enough to compensate.
Triple Hydro
This type of team focuses on rapid Hydro application in order to ensure a Dendro character building full EM takes full ownership of Bloom reactions. The Yelan + Xingqiu off-field DPS combo can certainly carry nearly any combination of other characters, so the last piece of the team is a Dendro unit with healing (which hasn't been released yet)
>>> Read more:
Genshin Impact: 5 Hidden Sumeru Quests You Might Have Missed
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Guide
#Genshin Impact Characters
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025