Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Casting Call
The best Genshin Impact Nilou teams
Full Dance Card
Guide
by
Josh Broadwell
Contributor
Updated on
April 12, 2023
0 comments
Follow Genshin Impact
The
best Nilou teams in Genshin Impact
depend on what role you want
Nilou
to fill, since she's designed for Blooms but still works in other areas.
While Nahida is ideal for a Bloom team, you can use the Dendro Traveler and still get strong results.
Those who just want a traditional Hydro support team centered on reactions are also in luck. Nilou’s elemental skill makes her one of the best for triggering all reactions and across a wide area as well.
Character Teaser - "Nilou: Dancing Grace" | Genshin Impact
Watch on YouTube
Best Nilou teams
Nilou bloom teams
Other Hydro reaction teams
Nilou F2P team
What are the best Genshin Impact Nilou teams?
Nilou’s role changes depending on what kind of team you build, but what remains constant is how important the Tranquility Aura the third step in her skill creates. This aura applies wet to any enemy nearby and remains active when you swap Nilou out. Since it doesn’t apply Hydro to your character, its safer than Barbara’s skill, and you can – and should – activate it whenever possible to help trigger reactions, whether they’re
Dendro reactions
or other ones.
Is Candace good for Nilou?
Candace works as a second Hydro character if you want the elemental resonance effect or need a good shield character. Her burst and talents do nothing for Nilou, though. Unlike with Yoimiya and Ayato,
Genshin Impact treats Nilou's skill damage as skill damage - not normal damage
. That means Candace, and Yun Jin as well, won't have any effect on Nilou's damage output.
Best Nilou Bloom team
Nilou
Kokomi
Yaoyao
Nahida
Xingqiu
The goal for this Nilou team is
spreading Dendro and Hydro across as much of the field as possible
so you can’t swing a skill without causing Bloom and creating a Dendro core. Since this team revolves around the Golden Chalice effect, you need to start each rotation with Nilou’s skill. Golden Chalice only activates when the third dance step hits.
You have a few choices after that. With the Tranquility Aura active, you could swap to Yaoyao and use her skill, and then just run into enemies to trigger Bloom and get healed by Yaoyao's rabbit turnips.
You could also
swap to Kokomi, use her skill, and then use Nahida’s skill
to trigger Bloom from a distance. Xingqiu's rain swords will help spread Hydro as well.
One other option is swapping  Yaoyao or Xingqiu for the
Dendro Traveler
and using their Lea Light burst for close to the same effect.
While equipping Nilou with the Key of Khaj-Nisut is the ideal and helps the Bountiful Cores deal more damage, this setup means your Nilou can still deal a respectable amount of damage even if her HP doesn’t go past 30,000.
Best Nilou team for other Hydro reactions
Nilou
Cyno
, Fischl, or Raiden Shogun
Xiangling
Diona,
Ayaka
, or
Shenhe
A Nilou team built around regular reactions is much more flexible. Even these recommendations are just broad ones designed to make triggering most of the important reactions easier. Like with the Bloom team, make sure to use Nilou’s skill first, so you trigger the Tranquility Aura.
Cyno is an excellent fit for Electrocharge. Swap to him after the Aura appears, then use his burst for a constant stream of reactions. Alternatively, if you use Fishcl’s skill or the Shogun’s skill, you can swap to Nilou and use her skill and normal attacks to get the same effect.
No better Pyro partner for Nilou exists than Xiangling. Fire off her burst in conjunction with the Tranquility Aura for an endless supply of Vaporize reactions.
The Aura also makes Freeze easy, especially for characters able to spread Cryo in broad areas, such as Diona and Ayaka. Shenhe is a particular favorite if you have her, since one of her passive talents increases the party’s elemental damage.
However, you could alter this in a few key ways. Swap Electro for Anemo to get even better grouping potential, and if your Anemo character is Sucrose, you have the added benefit of elemental mastery buffs too. Bring in Albedo instead, and you have a reliable supply of shields – handy if you don’t have a healer in your setup – and another mastery buff thanks to his burst.
Since Nilou is a reaction instigator in these teams, you can technically ignore her HP a bit and get away with not including a second Hydro character. If you want that extra boost to her damage, though, any Hydro character would do.
Best Nilou F2P team
Nilou
Kaeya
Xiangling
Dendro Traveler
Nilou’s F2P team is one of the strongest and most straightforward. Use Xiangling’s burst in conjunction with Nilou’s Tranquility Aura for Vaporize, and use Kaeya’s burst in the same way for Freeze. The Dendro Traveler can help create regular Bloom reactions, and you can let the cores explode on their own or use Xiangling to cause Burgeon.
If you're saving up for future
Genshin Impact banners
, make sure to check out our up-do-date list of
Genshin Impact codes
for some free Primogems.