Nilou is a Hydro Sub-DPS character. She was released in October 2022 in a banner called Twirling Lotus to get her you need to wait until the banner reruns. Nilou is a decent Sub-DPS character in Genshin Impact. But if you want to know what other characters work with Nilou read the list of the top Genshin Impact Characters to play with Nilou below.
Also, you can check more information about Nilou in the guides that we have already written about him via the links below.
Nilou Build and Best Team Comp
How to Build Nilou Team?
Further, we feature two groups of characters that are the best matches for Nilou. Pay attention that what you see below is not Nilou Genshin Impact team! It is just a list of characters that you can pair her with due to some bonuses or elemental reactions. To see the full build with the best Genshin Impact Nilou teams click on the link above in blue boxes.
Below you can see the best premium 5-star options for Nilou and 4-star matches. After that, we give a short explanation of why these characters are good to play with Nilou.
5 Star Characters
Tighnari
– a great main DPS, with a lot of damage from Bloom reactions.
Nahida
– her Elemental Skill works great with Nilou, allowing her to maintain Bloom reaction, while he’s on the field. Also, she provides a great buff to the whole party, like Elemental Mastery.
Yelan
– can boost your team damage with the Hydro application off the field.
Mona
– great damage buff with her Elemental Burst for quick fights.
Sangonomiya Kokomi
– great healer and can continuously apply Hydro to trigger Bloom reactions.
4 Star Characters
Collei
– great off-field Dendro application for Bloom reaction.
Traveler (Dendro)
– same as Collei, provides Dendro application off-field for Bloom reactions.
Xingqiu
– great Sub-DPS with healing and damage reduction, and off-field damage with Hydro attachment for Bloom reaction.
Barbara
– a good substitute for Kokomi.
Bennett
– a very universal unit, providing damage buffs and healing.
To sum up, Nilou is a great sub-DPS with good Hydro sub-abilities that can boost any other reaction especially for Dendro and Electro teams.
Artem R.
I have been an avid gamer since childhood. My favorite genres are RPGs, Action, and MMOs. Some of my all-time favorite games include the Diablo and Path of Exile ARPG series, the Dark Souls series, and JRPGs like Xenoblade, Atelier, and the Final Fantasy. I am also a big fan of the PSP and PS Vita, and I currently enjoy gaming on my Nintendo Switch.
Post Views:
3,419
Please share it with your friends
Tags:
Genshin Impact
Post navigation
Previous
League of Legends Thresh Build Guide
Next
Princess Connect Re:Dive! Karyl (New Year) Character