Dori is a playable Electro character in Genshin Impact. She is one of the most powerful and thus popular characters for playing as Support. We decided to write this guide to help you learn more about Dori. In our Genshin Impact Dori Build and Best Team Comp post you will learn about Dori’s talents, how they work and how to upgrade them. Also, you will read about her Constellations that will help you make Dori even more powerful. After that, we have written Genshin Impact Dori Build where you’ll see the weapon and artifact set. And at last, we have mentioned the best team comps for Dori as the Support hero.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
The whole information is presented in tables. You can use the navigation bar above to move quickly to the information block that you are most interested in.
Talents
Constellations
Build
Team
Dori Build
Below you can see the best weapon option for playing Dori in Genshin Impact. Accompanied by the best Dori artifact set and its stat priorities.
Support Build
If you play this champion as a Support in your comp you should take the weapon and artifacts from the list below. They are believed to be the most effective ones in almost all situations.
Weapon
Favonius Greatsword
Weapon Substitutes:
Skyward Pride
,
Sacrificial Greatsword
,
Katsuragikiri Nagamasa
.
Artifact Set
Emblem of Severed Fate
(4-Piece)
Artifact Main Stats Priority:
Energy Recharge%
HP%
HP% / Healing Bonus%
Sub Stats Priority: Energy Recharge > HP% > Elemental Mastery
Talent Priority
Alcazarzaray’s Exactitude > Spirit-Warding Lamp: Troubleshooter Cannon > Marvelous Sword-Dance
Best Team Compositions for Dori
When you play Genshin Impact everything depends not only on your main character but also on the composition. You should learn how elements complement each other and build the best team for your main. Below you can see the best team composition for Dori with Main DPS and 2 Sub DPS characters. Also, we have included alternative characters for each role that go well with Dori too.
Dori works well for physical damage main DPS Eula. In couple with Raiden Dori will provide constant super conduct reaction and Electro resonance. Eula meantime will activate Cryo Resonance with Rosaria which will boost her damage. Also, Dori provides Electro infliction and build Elemental Burst for the main DPS. Rosaria can spread Cryo and increase physical damage for bigger damage from Eula.
Good characters for this comp:
Tartaglia, Yoimiya, Razor, Yae Miko, Kaedehara Kazuha, Shenhe, Kujou Sara, Fischl, Xingqiu.
If you want to know more about every teammate for Dori you can click on the link below and find them in the list of all Genshin Impact characters that we have described.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
In case you are still not sure what champion you want to pick as main we have
Genshin Impact characters tier list
with explanations on how to build your best team.
Dori Talents
Below you can see the list of talents that Dori uses during the fight. Each of them we have described with the main characteristics.
Marvelous Sword-Dance
Normal Attack
Normal Attack:
Perform up to 3 consecutive strikes.
Charged Attack:
Drains Stamina over time to perform continuous spinning attacks against all nearby opponents. At the end of the sequence, performs a more powerful slash.
Plunging Attack:
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Spirit-Warding Lamp: Troubleshooter Cannon
Elemental Skill
Directs a Spirit-Warding Lamp to fire off Troubleshooter Shots at opponents, dealing Electro DMG.
When Troubleshooter Shots hit opponents, they will create 2 After-Sales Service Rounds that will automatically track opponents and deal Electro DMG.
Alcazarzaray’s Exactitude
Elemental Burst
Summons forth the Jinni within the lamp to give the client various kinds of aid.
Jinni
Connects to a nearby character. The connected character will:
Continuously restore HP based on Dori’s Max HP.
Continuously regenerate Energy.
Be affected by Electro.
When the connector between the Jinni and the character touches opponents, it will deal one instance of Electro DMG to them every 0.4s.
Only one Jinni can exist at one time.
An Eye for Gold
1st Ascension Passive
After a character connected to the Jinni triggers an Electro-Charged, Superconduct, Overloaded, Quicken, Aggravate, Hyperbloom, or an Electro Swirl or Crystallize reaction, the CD of Spirit-Warding Lamp: Troubleshooter Cannon is decreased by 1s.
This effect can be triggered once every 3s.
Compound Interest
4th Ascension Passive
When the Troubleshooter Shots or After-Sales Service Rounds from Spirit-Warding Lamp: Troubleshooter Cannon hit opponents, Dori will restore 5 Elemental Energy for every 100% Energy Recharge possessed.
Per Spirit-Warding Lamp: Troubleshooter Cannon, only one instance of Energy restoration can be triggered and a maximum of 15 Energy can be restored this way.
Unexpected Order
Utility Passive
When Dori crafts Character and Weapon Enhancement Materials, she has a chance to refund a portion of the crafting materials used.
Every talent can be upgraded up to level 15. But to do so you will need to gather materials on particular days. The list of the needed materials for leveling Dori’s talents is mentioned in the next block.
Talent Leveling Materials
So here you can see all materials that you will need in order to level up Dori’s talents.
Talent Level-Up Materials
Ingenuity Books:
Teachings of Ingenuity
,
Guide to Ingenuity
,
Philosophies of Ingenuity
.
Common Ascension Materials
Faded Red Satin
,
Trimmed Red Silk
,
Rich Red Brocade
.
Weekly Boss Material
Bloodjade Branch
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
Some of them are required at the beginning for low levels and others are more advanced. We just wanted to focus your attention on material types in general.
Dori Constellations
In Genshin Impact characters have a specific upgrade system called constellation. You will need to get a specific item called Stella Fortuna to increase the level of constellation. Each character has their own version of Stella Fortuna, which you get by obtaining a duplicate of the character from Wishes.
Level 1
Additional Investment
The number of After-Sales Service Rounds created by Troubleshooter Shots is increased by 1.
Level 2
Special Franchise
When you are in combat and the Jinni heals the character it is connected to, it will fire a Jinni Toop from that character’s position that deals 50% of Dori’s ATK DMG.
Level 3
Wonders Never Cease
Increases the Level of Alcazarzaray’s Exactitude by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4
Discretionary Supplement
The character connected to the Jinni will obtain the following buffs based on their current HP and Energy:
When their HP is lower than 50%, they gain 50% Incoming Healing Bonus.
When their Energy is less than 50%, they gain 30% Energy Recharge.
Level 5
Value for Mora
Increases the Level of Spirit-Warding Lamp: Troubleshooter Cannon by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6
Sprinkling Weight
Dori gains the following effects for 3s after using Spirit-Warding Lamp: Troubleshooter Cannon:
Electro Infusion.
When Normal Attacks hit opponents, all nearby party members will heal HP equivalent to 4% of Dori’s Max HP. This type of healing can occur once every 0.1s.
Every Genshin Impact character has own set of constellations above you can see Dori constellations list with descriptions.
Ascension Materials
In addition, there are ascension phases that increase the level cap for your character. After Dori reaches the 20th level she can be ascended to the next ascension phase, up to phase 6, which allow getting 90th level.
Character Ascension Materials
Vajrada Amethyst:
Vajrada Amethyst Sliver
,
Vajrada Amethyst Fragment
,
Vajrada Amethyst Chunk
,
Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone
.
Thunderclap Fruitcore
Common Ascension Materials
Faded Red Satin
,
Trimmed Red Silk
,
Rich Red Brocade
.
Local Specialty
Kalpalata Lotus
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
In order to level up ascension phases you’ll need materials. So the list of those required for Dori is listed above.
Artem R.
I have been an avid gamer since childhood. My favorite genres are RPGs, Action, and MMOs. Some of my all-time favorite games include the Diablo and Path of Exile ARPG series, the Dark Souls series, and JRPGs like Xenoblade, Atelier, and the Final Fantasy. I am also a big fan of the PSP and PS Vita, and I currently enjoy gaming on my Nintendo Switch.
Post Views:
3,151
Please share it with your friends
Tags:
Genshin Impact
Post navigation
Previous
Wrath of the Lich King Classic Horde Expedition Reputation Guide
Next
Wrath of the Lich King Classic Alliance Vanguard Reputation Guide