Contents
show
1
Dori Rating and Info
1.1
Stats Lvl 80
2
Best Dori Builds
2.1
Best Dori Weapons
2.2
Best Dori Artifacts
3
Best Dori Team Comps
4
Dori Skills Talents
4.1
Marvelous Sword-Dance (Modified): Normal Attack
4.2
Spirit-Warding Lamp: Troubleshooter Cannon: Elemental Skill
4.3
Alcazarzaray’s Exactitude: Elemental Burst
5
Dori Passive Talents
5.1
An Eye for Gold: First Ascension Passive
5.2
Compound Interest: Fourth Ascension Passive
5.3
Unexpected Order: Passive Talent
6
Dori Constellations
6.1
Level 1: Additional Investment
6.2
Level 2: Special Franchise
6.3
Level 3: Wonders Never Cease
6.4
Level 4: Discretionary Supplement
6.5
Level 5: Value for Mora
6.6
Level 6: Sprinkling Weight
7
Dori Ascension Costs
Dori Rating and Info
Rarity:
★★★★★
Specialties:
Support
Element:
Electro
Weapon:
Claymore
Release Date:
September 9, 2022
Tier List Rating
: A
Stats Lvl 80
HP: 10987
ATK: 198
DEF: 641
HP 18%
Best Dori Builds
Dori is one of the supporting characters in Genshin Impact. There are a lot of different builds and roles for Dori, but most players are using support builds. She is not that good character. When you compare her with other characters available, you will see how she underperforms. So we recommend only using her if you want to have fun and test characters. Dori is the SS-tier character in Genshin Impact.
Best Dori Weapons
Favonius Greatsword
CRIT hits have a 60/70/80/90/100% chance to generate 1 Elemental Orb, which will regenerate 6 Energy for the character. Can only occur once every 12/10.5/9/7.5/6s.
Forest Regalia
After triggering Burning, Quicken, Aggravate, Spread, Bloom, Hyperbloom, or Burgeon, a Leaf of Consciousness will be created around the character for a maximum of 10s. When picked up, the Leaf will grant the character 60/75/90/105/120 Elemental Mastery for 12s. Only 1 Leaf can be generated this way every 20s. This effect can still be triggered if the character is not on the field. The Leaf of Consciousness’ effect cannot stack.
Best Dori Artifacts
Noblesse Oblige
(2) Elemental Burst DMG +20%
(4) Using an Elemental Burst increase all party members’ ATK by 20% for 12s. This effect cannot stack.
Best Dori Team Comps
Character 1
Character 2
Character 3
Character 4
Eula
Raiden
Rosaria
Dori
Ayato
Dori
Traveler (Dendro)
Kazuha
Eula
Raiden Shogun
Rosaria
Dori
Dori
Lisa
Dendro Traveler
Xingqiu
There are a lot of team comps that you can make in Genshin Impact with Dori. We recommend team comps that we think are best for Dori. There are a lot of different characters, and there is a high chance that you do not have some of them. So you should create your team comps, test them out, and see what is best for you and your playstyle. With that, you will become better at the game, and you will know how your team works.
Dori Skills Talents
Marvelous Sword-Dance (Modified): Normal Attack
Normal Attack
Performs up to 3 consecutive strikes.
Charged Attack
Drains Stamina over time to perform continuous spinning attacks against all nearby opponents. At the end of the sequence, performs a more powerful slash.
Plunging Attack
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Spirit-Warding Lamp: Troubleshooter Cannon: Elemental Skill
Directs a Spirit-Warding Lamp to fire off Troubleshooter Shots at opponents, dealing Electro DMG. When Troubleshooter Shots hit opponents, they will create 2 After-Sales Service Rounds that will automatically track opponents and deal Electro DMG.
Alcazarzaray’s Exactitude: Elemental Burst
Summons forth the Jinni within the lamp to give the client various kinds of aid.
Jinni
Connects to a nearby character. The connected character will:
Continuously restore HP based on Dori’s Max HP.
Continuously regenerate Energy.
Be affected by Electro.
When the connector between the Jinni and the character touches opponents, it will deal one instance of Electro DMG to them every 0.4s.
Only one Jinni can exist at one time.
Dori Passive Talents
An Eye for Gold: First Ascension Passive
After a character connected to the Jinni triggers an Electro-Charged, Superconduct, Overloaded, Quicken, Aggravate, Hyperbloom, or an Electro Swirl or Crystallize reaction, the CD of Spirit-Warding Lamp: Troubleshooter Cannon is decreased by 1s.
This effect can be triggered once every 3s.
Compound Interest: Fourth Ascension Passive
When the Troubleshooter Shots or After-Sales Service Rounds from Spirit-Warding Lamp: Troubleshooter Cannon hit opponents, Dori will restore 5 Elemental Energy for every 100% Energy Recharge possessed. Per Spirit-Warding Lamp: Troubleshooter Cannon, only one instance of Energy restoration can be triggered and a maximum of 15 Energy can be restored this way.
Unexpected Order: Passive Talent
Has a 25% chance to recover some of the materials used when crafting Character and Weapon Materials.
Dori Constellations
Level 1: Additional Investment
The number of After-Sales Service Rounds created by Troubleshooter Shots is increased by 1.
Level 2: Special Franchise
When you are in combat and the Jinni heals the character it is connected to, it will fire a Jinni Toop from that character’s position that deals 50% of Dori’s ATK DMG.
Level 3: Wonders Never Cease
Increases the Level of Alcazarzaray’s Exactitude by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4: Discretionary Supplement
The character connected to the Jinni will obtain the following buffs based on their current HP and Energy: When their HP is lower than 50%, they gain 50% Incoming Healing Bonus. When their Energy is less than 50%, they gain 30% Energy Recharge.
Level 5: Value for Mora
Increases the Level of Spirit-Warding Lamp: Troubleshooter Cannon by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6: Sprinkling Weight
Dori gains the following effects for 3s after using Spirit-Warding Lamp: Troubleshooter Cannon:
Electro Infusion.
When Normal Attacks hit opponents, all nearby party members will heal HP equivalent to 4% of Dori’s Max HP. This type of healing can occur once every 0.1s.
Dori Ascension Costs
Faded Red Satin x 18
Rich Red Brocade x 30
Trimmed Red Silk x 36
Kalpalata Lotus x 168
Thunderclap Fruitcore x 46
Vajrada Amethyst Sliver x 1
Vajrada Amethyst Fragment x 9
Vajrada Amethyst Chunk x 9
Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone x 6