Top 5 Best Team Comps For Dori In Genshin Impact
Muhammad Kumar
-
Nov 16, 2022
|
Mobile Games
Genshin Impact Dori's primary role is buffing the Main DPS with Energy Recharge and heals. Here are the top 5 best team comps for her.
List Of New Weapons And Artifacts In Genshin Impact 3.3
5 Best Genshin Impact Bosses To Create Damage Showcases
Genshin Impact Layla Build Guide: Talents, Gears, And Team Comps (2022)
Dori is a 4-star Electro Claymore Character in Genshin Impact. She is a supporting character designed around applying Electro and regenerating energy for other characters in the team. Therefore, her team composition in Genshin Impact is deeply related to Electro Elemental reactions such as Hyperbloom, Quicken or Electro Charged.
In this article, Gurugamer.com is going to showcase the top 6 best team comps for Dori in Genshin Impact.
Table of Contents
1. Dori Superconduct team
2. Dori Spread Dendro Support
3. Dori Hyperbloom Support
4. Dori Electro Charged team
5. Dori Overload team
Support Dori build
Dori doesn't deal a lot of damage
, so it's best to maximize her healing and ensure her burst is available off cooldown.
1. Dori Superconduct team
Eula + Raiden Shogun + Dori + Rosaria
The best part about Dori's kit is her ability to recharge teammates' energy. This makes her very useful for characters who need to spam Burst like Eula. Dori's off-field Electro Application also triggers Superconduct to increase Eula's Phys damage.
Eula Phys team
Raiden serves as the Sub DPS of the team who can stay on-field when Eula's Burst is on cooldown. She gets more energy from Dori due to Electro Resonance.
Rosaria is the main Eula Support, boosting Physical damage so that Eula's Burst would deal even more damage. She also triggers Cryo resonance to increase Eula's crit.
2. Dori Spread Dendro Support
Dori + Tighnari + Kazuha + Dendro Traveler
By controlling the tether between you and the Jinni, you will have full control of when Electro will apply to the enemy. This allows Dori to fit in pretty much any Dendro + Electro team comp as an enabler for Quicken reactions. Dori will need to be stacked with as much Elemental Mastery as possible for this team.
Tighnari spread team
Players can run Kazuha for an extra EM bonus and Electro Swirl, or just replace him with a good Electro support like Fischl. Tighnari is the main DPS of the team, triggering Quicken reactions from Dori's support. Dendro Traveler is the support/Sub DPS, giving Tighnari more EM with his Dendro Resonance.
3. Dori Hyperbloom Support
Dori + Nahida + Nilou + Kokomi
Nahida is excellent for creating Dendro Cores. With Dendro Cores on the field, you will simply need an Electro character who can periodically deal Electro damage to trigger the Hyperbloom reaction without overwriting the Hydro Aura or Dendro Aura on enemies.
Nilou Bloom
This is where Dori comes in. As her electro application can be controlled reliably, players can blow the core up for Hyperbloom reaction at any time.
Given how fast Nahida can make Bountiful Cores, there's a danger that she might kill herself. That's why having a healer like Kokomi on the team is a good idea.
4. Dori Electro Charged team
Dori + Childe + Xingqiu + Yae Miko
Tartaglia is the main DPS. With the aid of Yae and Dori, Tartaglia can trigger Electro-Charge and deal massive AoE DMG. Dori’s Elemental Burst provides healing and energy to other members. This is a big help to Childe who needs to use his Burst frequently.
Childe electro team
Yae is the Sub DPS in this team. She provides continuous Electro attachment via Yae attack and Elemental Skill to trigger Electro-Charged. Xingqiu’s Elemental Burst can attach Hydro element to enemies continuously, and so react with Yae and Dori’s Electro DMG to trigger Electro-Charge.
5. Dori Overload team
Dori + Kazuha + Yoimiya + Raiden Shogun
Yoimiya is the main DPS, she provides continuous Pyro attachment to trigger Overload in this team. Raiden is the sub-DPS who can periodically deal damage to enemies with her powerful skill and burst.
Dori Overload team
Kazuha can assist the team by grouping enemies together, applying crowd control, providing DMG buff to teammates and reducing the Elemental Resistance of enemies. Dori’s Elemental Skill can provide continuous Electro attachment off-field, which works with Yoimiya to trigger overload.
Support Dori build
Best artifacts for Dori
A general purpose artifact build for Dori consists of simply improving her healing capability and her Energy Recharge. Dori doesn't deal a lot of damage, so it is best to just fit her into a more supportive role with main stats that increases her HP regeneration capabilities.
Therefore,
Noblesse Oblige x4
is the best choice for her. Alternatively, you can simply slap on any 2pc. +HP% and a 2pc. +ER% artifact to accomplish this. Players can boost her damage with the Thundering Fury set, but the efficiency is not that great.
Best weapons for Dori
Favonius Greatsword/
Sacrificial Greatsword
: Being a support character, the only thing Dori needs is to be able to cast her skill more frequently and generate energy for Elemental Burst. These weapons allow that to happen.
Alternate choices: Skyward Pride, Katsuragikiri Nagamasa, The Bell, Forest Regalia
C4 is her best Constellation
Dori's 4th Constellation provides an incredibly good buff to the characters connected to the Jinni. A 30% increase to a character's Energy Recharge means more substats that can be invested towards CRIT, ATK, or Elemental Mastery.
>>> Read more:
List Of New Weapons And Artifacts In Genshin Impact 3.3
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
#Genshin Impact Guide
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025