[6.4] Genshin Impact Flins Best Build - Artifacts, Weapons and Teams
Nina Forneloza
Mar 19, 2026
Nod-Krai units have carved out a place in the current meta, with
Flins
standing out as one of the DPS characters from the region. While he’s considered
one of the strongest
, he’s far less effective without the
best Genshin Impact Flins build
.
The Lunar-bloom DPS, Nefer and Lunar-Crystallize DPS,
Zibai
have had their time, and now it's time to put the spotlight on the
Lunar-charged DPS
.
Kyryll Chudomirovich Flins
, or simply Flins is a
Nod-Krai Electro Polearm damage dealer
that dishes out Lunar-charged damage using the upgraded version of his burst, or his
mini-burst
. With Flins rerun in
version 6.4
, you can now get him if you missed his previous banner, or unlock his constellations. Keep on reading to learn more about the best Genshin Impact Flins Build: his best artifact sets, weapons and teams.
Don't have enough pulls to get Flins in your account?
Make sure to spoil yourself by buying
cheap Genshin primogems
here at U7BUY!
Genshin Impact Flins build -  How to play Flins
Flins
is an
S Rank Electro Polearm
whose kit revolves around
Lunarcharged reaction
.
A large chunk of Flins' damage comes from his
elemental burst
. This allows Flins to deal
direct Lunar-charged damage
.
The best way to use Flins is to use his
mini burst
(like
Skirk
's and Varesa's). This mini burst of his is the enhanced and
better version
of her regular burst. This not only consumes less energy, but also
deals way more damage
.
Players can activate this by tapping his
elemental skill
, which infuses his polearm with electro. This will convert your skill into a special skill called
Northland Spearstorm
, dealing AoE electro damage. After that, you'll gain access to your mini-burst. Basically, Flins' gameplay loop only revolves around this.
Tap skill > normal attack > use Northland Spearstorm > click miniburst
Also take note that the best way to use Flins is to add another
Nod-Krai member
to the team to activate the
Ascendant Gleam state
. By having Flins as the only Nod-krai unit, you will lose about half of his kit, and damage.
Character Profile - Flins
Character Name
Flins
Rarity
5-star
Role
Lunar-charged DPS
Vision
Electro
Weapon
Polearm
Region
Nod-Krai
Flins Strengths and Weaknesses
Flins is a high-damage DPS with a powerful kit, but like any character, he has his strengths and weaknesses. Below is a quick look at his main pros and cons.
Strength
Weaknesses
High damage output
Restrictive team composition
Easy to build and play
Requires Ineffa if you want higher damage
Good performance at C0
Genshin Impact Flins build - Talent Priority
See the table below for Flins’ talent priorities and the recommended levels for each.
Talent
Priority
Recommended level
Normal Attack: Pocztowy Demonspear
★ ★ ★
3+
Elemental Skill: Ancient Rite: Arcane Light
★ ★ ★
7+
Elemental Burst: Ancient Ritual: Cometh the Night
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
10+
For the best Genshin Impact Flins build,
Elemental Burst (Q)
should be leveled first, as it is the main source of his high Lunar‑Charged damage and defines his role in most teams. Next,
Elemental Skill (E)
comes second, enabling consistent rotations and supporting the Burst.
Normal Attack
is generally the lowest priority, contributing far less to overall DPS and can be left at lower levels unless extra resources are available.
Genshin Flins build - Best Flins Artifacts
The best artifact sets for the best Genshin Impact Flins build are
Night of the Sky's Unveiling, Marechaussee Hunter and Gilded Dreams.
Night of the Sky's Unveiling
Night of the Sky's Unveiling is Flins' best in slot artifact set. This provides him
80 Elemental Master
y,
30% Crit rate
, and
Lunar Reaction damage
. Note though that you cannot fully maximize this artifact set without the Ascendant Gleam state, so be sure to add Ineffa, Aino, Columbina to the team.
Night of the Sky's Unveiling
2-Piece Bonus
Increases Elemental Mastery by 80.
4-Piece Bonus
When nearby party members trigger Lunar Reactions and the equipping character is on the field, gain Gleaming Moon: Intent for 4s.
CRIT Rate increases by 15% or 30% when the party's Moonsign is Nascent Gleam or Ascendant Gleam.
All party members' Lunar Reaction DMG increases by 10% for each different Gleaming Moon effect that party members have.
Effects from Gleaming Moon cannot stack.
Marechaussee Hunter
Marechaussee Hunter can perform well under the right team comp. Since Flins' does not have his own
HP fluctuation mechanic
, he cannot trigger the effect of this set by himself. To effectively use this weapon, you must have
Furina
on the team, and another
healer
. This will give Flins a
whopping 36% crit rate
.
Marechaussee Hunter
2-Piece Bonus
Normal and Charged Attack DMG +15%
4-Piece Bonus
When current HP increases or decreases, CRIT Rate will be increased by 12% for 5s. Max 3 stacks.
Gilded Dreams
Since Flins scale with both ATK and EM, Gilded Dreams can work pretty well. It gives him
80 elemental mastery
upfront, and
increases his attack and/or EM
depending on the element of his party members.
Gilded Dreams
2-Piece Bonus
Increases Elemental Mastery by 80.
4-Piece Bonus
Within 8s of triggering an Elemental Reaction, the character equipping this will obtain buffs based on the Elemental Type of the other party members:
ATK is increased by 14% for each party member whose Elemental Type is the same as the equipping character.
Elemental Mastery is increased by 50 for every party member with a different Elemental Type.
Each of these buffs counts up to 3 characters and can be triggered once every 8s.
The equipping character can still trigger these effects when not on the field.
Main stats priority:
Flower: HP
Plume: ATK
Goblet: ATK% / Elemental Mastery
Sands: ATK% / Elemental Mastery
Circlet: Crit Rate% / Crit Damage%
Sub-stats priority
CRIT Rate > Crit DMG > ER > ATK% > Elemental Mastery > ATK
Best Flins Weapons for Genshin Impact Flins build
In this Genshin Flins build guide, we recommend the following polearms:
Bloodsoaked Ruins, Beacon of the Reed Sea, Primordial Jade Spear, Staff of Homa and Prospector's Shovel.
Bloodsoaked Ruins
Bloodsoaked Ruins is
Flins' signature weapon
which essentially makes it his best-in-slot. It's a crit rate weapon that increases Flins' lunar-charged damage,
adds 28% crit damag
e and also
restores elemental energy
making his mini-burst more accessible.
Base ATK: 674
CRIT Rate: 22.1%
Bloodsoaked Ruins
After the wielder uses an Elemental Burst, Lunar-Charged DMG dealt to opponents increases by 36% for 3.5s.
When a Lunar-Charged reaction is triggered, the wielder gains Requiem of Ruin.
Requiem of Ruin increases CRIT DMG by 28% for 6s.
Also restores 12 Elemental Energy.
Energy restoration can occur once every 14s.
Beacon of the Reed Sea
Beacon of the Reed Sea is another contender for Flins. This easily gives him
44% crit rate
and converts some
Flins' EM into ATK
. When you have this weapon equipped on Flins, you can instead choose an elemental mastery sands artifact.
Base ATK: 608
CRIT Rate: 33.1%
Staff of Scarlet Sands
The equipping character gains 52% of their Elemental Mastery as bonus ATK.
When an Elemental Skill hits opponents, the Dream of the Scarlet Sands effect is gained for 10s: the equipping character gains 28% of their Elemental Mastery as bonus ATK.
Max 3 stacks of the Dream of the Scarlet Sands effect can be active at the same time.
Primordial Jade Spear
Another great option for Flins. This gives him
crit rate, ATK, and damage increase
.
Base ATK: 674
CRIT Rate: 22.1%
Primordial Jade Spear
On hit, increases ATK by 3.2% for 6s. Max 7 stacks.
This effect can only occur once every 0.3s.
While at maximum stacks, DMG dealt is increased by 12%.
Staff of Homa
Staff of Homa provides
66% crit damage
, making it a great stats stick for Flins.
Base ATK: 608
CRIT DMG: 66.2%
Staff of Homa
HP increased by 20%.
Provides an ATK Bonus based on 0.8% of the wielder's Max HP.
When the wielder's HP is less than 50%, this ATK Bonus is increased by an additional 1% of Max HP.
Prospector's Shovel
With Flins' reliance on his mini burst, it is also important to increase his ER stats. Luckily, Flins has an F2P option for that. With this weapon, he can also receive
48% electrocharged DMG
and
24% Lunarcharged DMG
increase (If ascendant gleam is active)
Base ATK: 608
Energy Recharge: 7.6%
Prospector’s Shovel
Electro-Charged DMG is increased by 48%, and Lunar-Charged DMG is increased by 12%.
Moonsign: Ascendant Gleam – Lunar-Charged DMG is increased by an additional 12%.
Tamayuratei no Ohanashi
Alternatively, players can use Tamayuratei no Ohanashi for more
Energy Recharge stat
s,
20% ATK
and
movement speed
.
Base ATK: 510
Energy Recharge: 30.6%
Tamayuratei no Ohanashi
Increase ATK by 20% for 10s after using an Elemental Skill.
Movement SPD is increased by 10% for 10s after using an Elemental Skill.
Deathmatch
Finally, you can use the BP-exclusive weapon to increase Flins'
crit rate by 36%
and his
ATK
by at most 36% as well.
Base ATK: 454
CRIT Rate: 36.8%
Deathmatch
If there are at least 2 opponents nearby, ATK increases by 16% and DEF increases by 16%.
If there are fewer than 2 opponents nearby, ATK increases by 24%.
Genshin Impact Flins constellations - Should you pull?
Flins’ constellations really let him shine even more. Some give extra damage, others make his elemental skills hit harder or recharge faster. Picking the right ones can seriously boost his performance, so here’s a look at the
best constellations
to go for, for the best Genshin Flins build.
01. Part the Veil of Snow
Ratings
: ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
Effect
: The basic cooldown of the special Elemental Skill Northland Spearstorm is reduced to 4s.
Additionally, when party members trigger Lunar-Charged reactions, Flins will recover 8 Elemental Energy. This effect can occur once every 5.5s.
Reason
: Great constellation for Flins. This allows Flins to gain access to his main source of damage much quicker by reducing the cooldown of the special skill to 4 seconds, and giving him energy particles lowering his ER requirements.
02. The Devil's Wall
Ratings
: ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
Effect
: For the next 6s after using the special Elemental Skill Northland Spearstorm, when Flins's next Normal Attack hits an opponent, it will deal an additional 50% of Flins's ATK as AoE Electro DMG. This DMG is considered Lunar-Charged DMG.
Moonsign: Ascendant Gleam: While Flins is on the field, after his Electro attacks hit an opponent, that opponent's Electro RES will be decreased by 25% for 7s.
Reason
: Allows Flins to deal additional Lunarcharged damage upon using normal attack after Northland Spearstorm. If he's in the Ascendant Gleam state, he can also reduce the resistance of the enemies against electro by 25%
03. Stranger in the Night
Ratings
: ★ ★ ★ ★
Effect
: Increases the Level of Ancient Ritual: Cometh the Night by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Reason
: A good pull and great stepping stone for C6 as it increases burst level, which is his main source of damage.
04. Night on Bald Mountain
Ratings
: ★ ★ ★ ★
Effect
: Flins's ATK is increased by 20%.
Additionally, his Ascension Talent Whispering Flame is enhanced: Flins's Elemental Mastery is increased by 10% of his ATK. The maximum increase obtainable this way is 220.
Reason
: A good 20% ATK buff, and 220 EM increase. Stats-wise, this is nice to have.
05. Exile's Shadow
Ratings
: ★ ★ ★
Effect
: Increases the Level of Ancient Rite: Arcane Light by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Reason
: Less useful compared to his other constellation. Only pull when aiming for C6.
06. Songs and Dances of Death
Ratings
: ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
Effect
: The DMG dealt to opponents by Flins's Lunar-Charged reactions is elevated by 35%.
Moonsign: Ascendant Gleam: All nearby party members' Lunar-Charged DMG is elevated by 10%.
Reason
: As always, C6 is every character's best constellation, and this applies to Flins as well.
All the best Genshin Flins teams
For the best Genshin Impact Flins team, it's highly recommended to activate the Ascendant Gleam by having another
Nod-krai unit
, and you must have at least
one Hydro off-field character
to trigger electrocharged or Lunarcharged. Here are Flins best teams!
Flins Premium Nod-Krai team - Flins - Ineffa - Columbina - Sucrose
The best way to maximize Flins' team besides pulling for his weapon is by running a full Flins Nod-Krai Lunarcharged team.
If Nefer has Lauma, and Zibai has Linnea, Flins has Ineffa.
Ineffa
is considered Flins' best support, and many players even argue how necessary Ineffa is to Flins' team. Ineffa deals high
off-field electro damage
, she
buffs Flins' EM
, activates
Moonsign passive
and provides
sustain
, removing the need to add another healer or shield in the team. Additionally, Ineffa can give
additional EM
and Lunar reaction damage increase via
Silken Moon's Serenade.
Columbina
on the other hand is one of the
best off-field hydro applicator
for Flins. She can also
buff Lunar-charged damage
and
has good personal damage
. For the final slot, add
Sucrose
who can provide EM, damage buff via Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayer, and also round up enemies.
Flins
Ineffa
Columbina
Sucrose
Flins Ineffa F2P team - Flins - Ineffa - Aino - Sucrose
For a slightly F2P team, you could replace Columbina with
Aino
. Aino is a free
Nod-Krai character
who can also provide
Hydro application
through her elemental burst.
Flins
Ineffa
Aino
Sucrose
Flins Fanfare team - Flins - Ineffa - Furina - Xilonen
Alternatively, you could also run a Furina team with
Flins, Ineffa, Furina and Xilonen
. Furina has decent hydro application with 100% uptime, making it ideal for this Lunarcharged team setup. Her fanfare buff is a huge plus too, and this can be activated by Xilonen. Xilonen is a support who can provide resistance shred, and healing.
Flins
Ororon
Furina
Xilonen
Flins F2P team - Flins - Ororon - Aino - Sucrose
If you want a full F2P team without Ineffa, you can run
Flins, Ororon, Aino and Sucrose. As long as Aino's in the team, you won't lose the Ascendant Gleam state. You can instea
d replace Ineffa with any electro unit such as Ororon, Sara, Iansan or Fischl.
Flins
Ororon
Aino
Sucrose
Flins Bennett F2P team - Flins - Aino - Sucrose - Bennett
Since Flins also scale with ATK, you can slot in
Bennett
. Bennett provides
flat ATK buff
with this ultimate, and can provide sustain as well.
Flins
Aino
Sucrose
Bennett
Genshin Flins Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
What role does Flins play?
Flins is primarily a DPS character, capable of dealing direct Lunarcharged damage while triggering Lunarcharged reaction. He fits well in teams that can capitalize on his elemental abilities.
Which talents should I prioritize?
Since Flins' damage mainly comes from his elemental burst, we recommend upgrading this first. After that, you can continue to upgrade his elemental skill.
What are the best weapons for Genshin Impact Flins build?
For the best Flins build, we recommend Bloodsoaked Ruins, Beacon of the Reed Sea, Primordial Jade Spear, Staff of Homa, Prospector's Shovel.
What are the best artifacts set for Genshin Impact Flins?
For the best Genshin Flins artifacts, you can use Night of the Sky's Unveiling, Marechaussee hunter and Gilded Dreams.
This Genshin Impact Flins build guide covers everything you need: his best artifacts, weapons, and team setups! Flins is currently one of the top DPS characters in the game, so building him is a huge boost to your account’s power. Running low on Primogems? Grab Flins at a great price with a
cheap Genshin Impact top-up
from our site!
Share
AI Summary
Nina Forneloza
Content Writer
Niña Forneloza is a game guides writer who has a love-hate relationship with role-playing, gacha, and first-person shooter games. In her free time, she’s either going full tryhard in Valorant, or recovering from her latest tilt.