Flins build guide plus best gear and teammates in Genshin Impact Luna I | GosuGamers
gosugamers
gosuentertainment
gosubattles
Games
Articles
Tournaments
Matches
Rankings
Home
/
All News
Here's everything you need to know for Flins in Genshin Impact Luna I (Image: HoYoverse).
General
7 months ago
Kurt "Gosu_Kurt" Lozano
Share
{" "}
Flins build guide plus best gear and teammates in Genshin Impact Luna I
Kyryll Chudomirovich Flins enters the fray as Genshin Impact's premier Lunar-Charged DPS.
The second half of Genshin Impact Luna I is finally here, and with it comes a new 5-star character: Kyryll Chudomirovich Flins, though you can just call him Flins. He is an Electro Polearm character that specialises in the new Lunar-Charged reaction, making him a valuable pull to take full advantage of the new Lunar reaction metagame in Nod-Krai.
If you were lucky enough to have pulled Flins, read on as we break down his kit plus his best gear and teammates.
What is Lunar-Charged?
Before we get into Flins' kit, we must first understand the Lunar-Charged reaction that it is built around. Lunar-Charged is a variant of the typical Electro-Charged reaction introduced as part of the unique Lunar reactions that Nod-Krai characters have access to.
Lunar-Charged is triggered by inflicting Electro on a target that is already affected by Hydro or vice versa, just like Electro-Charged. However, instead of continuously dealing Electro DMG on the target, Lunar-Charged will instead create a thundercloud that continuously deals Electro DMG to nearby enemies that are affected by both Electro and Hydro. The DMG dealt by Lunar-Charged is based on Elemental Mastery and Crit stats (yes, it Crits), plus an additional Lunar-Charged Base DMG Bonus provided by certain Moonsign Benediction Passives from Nod-Krai characters.
Flins' kit explained
Flins' primary method of dealing DMG is through his skill,
Ancient Rite: Arcane Light
. Flins' skill unleashes the ancient power sealed within his lamp and lets him switch to his
Manifest Flame
form.
While in Manifest Flame, Flins' normal and charged attacks deal Electro DMG but he is unable to perform plunging attacks. He also gets increased resistance to interruption and his skill is replaced with the special skill
Northland Spearstorm
. Northland Spearstorm summons a flurry of spears in front of Flins that deal area-of-effect (AoE) Electro DMG and replaces his normal elemental burst with
Thunderous Symphony
(more on that later) for the next 6 seconds.
Flins' normal elemental burst,
Ancient Ritual: Cometh the Night
, deals AoE Electro DMG and, after a short delay, deals 2 instances of middle-phase and 1 instance of final-phase AoE Electro DMG, all of which are considered Lunar-Charged DMG. In addition, it enhances Flins's Skill by making nearby thunderclouds deal an additional 2 instances of middle-phase Lunar-Charged AoE Electro DMG.
While in the Manifest Flame form, Flins can instead use Thunderous Symphony to deal a single instance of AoE Electro DMG that is considered Lunar-Charged DMG. Thunderous Symphony uses less energy than his normal ultimate and also enhances his skill by causing nearby thunderclouds to deal an additional instance of Lunar-Charged AoE Electro DMG.
Flins' passives boost his ability to act as the on-field reaction driver for a Lunar-Charged team.
Moonsign Benediction: Old World Secrets
causes all Electro-Charged reactions to turn into Lunar-Charged reactions, with every 100 ATK that Flins has increasing Lunar-Charged's Base DMG by 0.7%, up to a maximum of 14%. Additionally, when Flins is in the party, the party's Moonsign will increase by 1 level.
Symphony of Winter
causes Lunar-Charged reactions triggered by Flins to deal an additional 20% DMG if the party's Moonsign level is at Ascendant Gleam (2 Nod-Krai characters in the party). Finally,
Whispering Flames
increases Flins' Elemental Mastery by 8% of his ATK, up to a maximum of 160 Elemental Mastery.
Flins acts as the on-field DPS and reaction driver for a Lunar-Charged team, thanks to his skill giving his normal attacks an Electro infusion. While having two versions of his skill and burst gives Flins a measure of versatility, using his normal skill and enhanced ultimate is by far the better option. Thunderous Symphony has an instant cast time and uses less energy, allowing Flins to focus on driving more Lunar-Charged reactions with his Electro-infused basic attacks.
Since Flins will be your on-field DPS, he should be the last character acting in your rotation once your supports have already used their abilities. Once Flins takes the field, use his skill to start driving Lunar-Charged reactions with his basic attacks and using Thunderous Symphony within the 6 second window. It will take some timing, but try to use Thunderous Symphony as late as possible for maximum efficiency.
When leveling up Flins' abilities, prioritise his burst followed by his skill, though you'd want to level them both to max eventually. You can ignore leveling up his basic attack as his optimal window of dealing DMG is while he's in the Manifest Flame form through his skill.
Flins' best gear and teams
Artifacts
ARTIFACT NAME
2-PC BONUS
4-PC BONUS
Night of the Sky's Unveiling
Increases Elemental Mastery by 80.
When nearby party members trigger Lunar Reactions, if the equipping character is on the field, gain the Gleaming Moon: Intent effect for 4s: Increases CRIT Rate by 15%/30% when the party's Moonsign is Nascent Gleam/Ascendant Gleam. All party members' Lunar Reaction DMG is increased by 10% for each different Gleaming Moon effect that party members have. Effects from Gleaming Moon cannot stack.
Night of the Sky's Unveiling
should be your go-to artifact set for Flins for obvious reasons, it gives massive buffs to both the on-field character and off-field party members whenever Lunar reactions like Lunar-Charged are triggered.
The main stats for Flins' artifacts should be ATK% or Energy Recharged for the Sands, ATK% for the Goblet, and Crit Rate/DMG for the Circlet. If you are able to reach at least 120% Energy Recharge through your substats and buffs from supports, then go for an ATK% Sands to further boost Flins' DMG. Otherwise, go for an Energy Recharge Goblet to ensure a smooth rotation.
The ATK% and Crit Rate/DMG main stats for the Goblet and Circlet are no brainers. Remember that Lunar-Charged DMG does not get affected by Electro DMG Bonus, so stick with an ATK% Goblet. Lunar-Charged can crit, need we say more?
Your sub stat priority for Flins should be Energy Recharge first, Crit stats second, flat ATK or ATK% third, and Elemental Mastery fourth.
Weapons
When it comes to weapons, it's obvious that Flins' best pick is his signature Polearm,
Nightweaver's Looking Glass
, as it is tailor-made for his kit. With that said, he still has a fair amount of alternative weapon picks to choose from. We've listed his best weapon options below:
WEAPON
RARITY
STATS AND EFFECT
Bloodsoaked Ruins
(best-in-slot)
5☆
Base ATK
: 674
Bonus Stat
: 22.05% Crit Rate
Skill Effect
:
Mournful Tribute
For 3.5s after using an Elemental Burst, the equipping character’s Lunar-Charged DMG dealt to opponents is increased by 36%. Additionally, after triggering a Lunar-Charged reaction, the equipping character will gain Requiem of Ruin: CRIT DMG is increased by 28% for 6s. They will also regain 12 Elemental Energy. Elemental Energy can be restored this way once every 14s.
Staff of the Scarlet Sands
(best 5-star alternative)
5☆
Base ATK
: 542
Bonus Stat
: 44% Crit Rate
Skill Effect
:
Heat Haze at Horizon’s End
The equipping character gains 52% of their Elemental Mastery as bonus ATK. When an Elemental Skill hits opponents, the Dream of the Scarlet Sands effect will be gained for 10s: The equipping character will gain 28% of their Elemental Mastery as bonus ATK. Max 3 stacks.
Deathmatch
(Battle Pass stat stick)
4☆
Base ATK
: 454
Bonus Stat:
36% Crit Rate
Skill Effect: Gladiator
If there are at least 2 opponents nearby, ATK is increased by 16% and DEF is increased by 16%. If there are fewer than 2 opponents nearby, ATK is increased by 24%.
Prospector's Shovel
(best free-to-play option)
4☆
Base ATK
: 510
Bonus Stat:
41% ATK
Skill Effect: Swift and Sure
Electro-Charged DMG is increased by 48%, and Lunar-Charged DMG is increased by 12%. Moonsign: Ascendant Gleam: Lunar-Charged DMG is increased by an additional 12%.
Favonius Lance
(ol' reliable)
4☆
Base ATK
: 565
Bonus Stat:
30% Energy Recharge
Skill Effect: Windfall
CRIT Hits have a 60% chance to generate a small amount of Elemental Particles, which will regenerate 6 Energy for the character. Can only occur once every 12s.
Flins' best teammates
Flins' team requires one other Electro character, at least one Hydro character, and one Anemo buffer, with at least one other Nod-Krai character to get your party's Moonsign to Ascendant Gleam.
The best option for a second Electro character in a Flins team is hands-down
Ineffa
, a dedicated Lunar-Charged support that can act as the team's shielder and Sub DPS while also meeting the requirement for a second Nod-Krai character. If you don't have Ineffa, the ever-reliable Prinzessin
Fischl
is your best alternative.
For the Hydro character in a Flins team, you can either go for
Xingqiu
or
Aino
. Xingqiu is your best bet for an off-field Hydro support for obvious reasons, but you may have to switch him out for Aino if you don't have Ineffa. While Aino does not provide the same level of comfort given by Xingqiu, you need to get your Moonsign to Ascendant Gleam before thinking of anything else.
Finally, the go-to Anemo buffer for a Flins team is by far
Sucrose
due to her partywide Elemental Mastery buffs that greatly alleviate the stat requirements for the rest of your squad. She can also hold the Viridescent Venerer artifact set to boost your party's Electro and Hydro DMG.
Author
Kurt "Gosu_Kurt" Lozano
Related Articles
Gaming
Toei Games reveals three upcoming original titles, with the first set to launch later this year
General
HoYoverse unveils Snezhnaya as Genshin Impact's next major map expansion, launches in August
General
Recap: Zenless Zone Zero 2.8 livestream reveals S-Rank Starlight Billy and Promeia's abilities
Gaming
Should you pull for Ines Fujin in Umamusume Pretty Derby?
Gaming
Review: Saros is an otherworldy roguelike with gorgeous visuals and sweaty combat
Gaming
Discord Nitro may introduce a new Xbox Game Pass tier featuring over 50 games
Data will be updated soon
Data will be updated soon
Top headlines
BetBoom Team, Aurora Gaming lead Playoff-qualified teams at PGL Wallachia Season 8
Street Fighter 6 tweaks Alex dialogue after backlash over incest storyline
Capcom reveals first look at new character Ingrid’s gameplay in Street Fighter 6, launching 28 May
Crimson Desert’s newest patch adds difficulty settings, overhauls housing, and expands pets
Assassin’s Creed Black Flag Resynced officially launches in July 2026, new trailer confirms
MinD_ContRoL joins Indonesian Dota 2 team REKONIX as trial coach
Top headlines
Netflix announces original anime movie “The Ribbon Hero” for August 2026
“The World's Finest Assassin Gets Reincarnated in Another World as an Aristocrat” returns in 2027
"The Fragrant Flowers Bloom With Dignity" manga goes on three-week hiatus
Romance manga “Glasses with a Chance of Delinquent” gets anime adaptation