Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Flins materials, kit, and Constellations
Ascension and Talent materials for Flins.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Guide
by
Lottie Lynn
Guides Editor
Updated on
Feb. 13, 2026
Follow Genshin Impact
Flins
is a 5-Star Electro character who was added to
Genshin Impact
during version 6.0.
While Flins was be featured as a boosted 5-Star character on his The Lone Light Knocks at Night Banner in version 6.4, he will eventually return to
Genshin Impact
at some point in the future when the
Banner schedule
cycles back to him.
If you want to prepare for him, we've listed
Flins' Ascension materials
and
Talent materials
so you can level him up to her full potential right away. To understand how you might play him, we've also detailed what we know about
Flins' kit
and
Constellations
.
On this page:
Flins kit
Flins Ascension materials
Flins Talent materials
Flins Constellations
To see this content please enable targeting cookies.
Manage cookie settings
Be sure to check out our
beginner's guide with tips and tricks
, and
Genshin Impact codes
page to get free
Primogems
that can be used towards unlocking Flins and other characters.
Flins kit
Flins is a
5-Star Electro character who uses a polearm
.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Here's a summary of
Flins' kit in Genshin Impact
:
Element
: Electro.
Rarity
: 5-Star.
Weapon
: Polearm.
Normal Attack
: Pocztowy Demonspear
Elemental Skill
: Ancient Rite: Arcane Light
Elemental Burst
: Ancient Ritual: Cometh the Night
Passive one
: Symphony of Winter - Flins will gain a corresponding buff effect based on the party's Moonsign.
Moonsign: Ascendant Gleam - Lunar-Charged reactions triggered by Flins will deal an additional 20% damage.
Passive two
: Whispering Flame - Flins' Elemental Mastery is increased by 8% of his attack. The maximum increase obtainable this way is 160.
Passive three
: Moonsign Benediction: Old World Secrets
 - When a party member triggers an Electro-Charged reaction, it will be converted into the Lunar-Charged reaction, with every 100 attack that Flins has increasing Lunar-Charged's Base damage by 0.7%, up to a maximum of 14%. Additionally, when Flins is in the party, the party's Moonsign will increase by one level.
Passive four
: A Light in the Dark - Displays the location of nearby resources unique to Nod-Krai on the mini-map. Additionally, Flins appears to be able to decipher the whispers of the Wild Hunt..
Flins Normal Attack - Pocztowy Demonspear
Flins performs up to five consecutive spear strikes if tapping the normal attack button.
Holding the attack button down instead makes Flins consume stamina to perform a forward spear throw.
As with most plunging attacks, Flins strikes the ground below dealing AOE (Area of Effect) damage upon impact, and damaging any enemies caught on his path to the ground.
Flins Elemental Skill - Ancient Rite: Arcane Light
Flins summons forth the ancient power concealed within his lamp and switches to his Manifest Flame form. This form has the following characteristics:
Flins' Normal and Charged Attacks deal Electro damage that cannot be overridden by other Elemental infusions, and he is unable to perform Plunging Attacks.
His interruption resistance is increased.
His Elemental Skill Ancient Rite: Arcane Light is replaced with the special Elemental Skill Northland Spearstorm.
When using Northland Spearstorm, Flins summons a flurry of spears in front, dealing AOE Electro damage and causing his Elemental Burst Ancient Ritual: Cometh the Night to be replaced with the special Elemental Burst Thunderous Symphony for the next six seconds. The base cooldown of Northland Spearstorm is six seconds and will not be affected by other effects.
Flins Elemental Burst - Ancient Ritual: Cometh the Night
Flins unleashes the true power of his lamp, dealing AOE Electro damage and, after a short delay, deals two instances of middle-phase and one instance of final-phase AOE Electro damage. All of this damage is considered to be Lunar-Charged!
After using the special Elemental Skill Northland Spearstorm, Flins' Elemental Burst Ancient Ritual: Cometh the Night will be replaced with the special Elemental Burst Thunderous Symphony for the next six seconds.
Thunderous Symphony consumes less Elemental Energy to unleash a special Elemental Burst. Flins deals a single instance of AOE Electro damage that is considered Lunar-Charged damage.
This Elemental Burst also includes Moonsign: Ascendant Gleam. Here if there are thunderclouds nearby, Flins will deal an additional two instances of Lunar-Charged AOE Electro damage. Though this is reduced only one instance of Lunar-Charged AOE Electro damage if you're using Thunderous Symphony.
Flins Talent materials
Broken Drive Shaft. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
To get the most out of using Flins, you will have to level his skills up by using Talent materials, which vary from character-to-character.
For Flins, you'll need to farm a lot of Shaft and Vagrancy materials to fully upgrade his capabilities.
As Flins has three Talents, you will have to spend three times the Talent materials listed below to fully upgrade all of his abilities, which we've also detailed below the table.
Here's what Flins Talent materials you need to improve one of his abilities:
Flins Talent level
Flins Talent materials
Mora cost
Level 2
x3 Teachings of Vagrancy, x6 Broken Drive Shaft
12,500
Level 3
x2 Guide to Vagrancy, x3 Reinforced Drive Shaft
17,500
Level 4
x4 Guide to Vagrancy, x4 Reinforced Drive Shaft
25,000
Level 5
x6 Guide to Vagrancy, x6 Reinforced Drive Shaft
30,000
Level 6
x9 Guide to Vagrancy, x9 Reinforced Drive Shaft
37,500
Level 7
x4 Philosophies of Vagrancy, x4 Precision Drift Shaft, x1 Ascended Sample: Queen
120,000
Level 8
x6 Philosophies of Vagrancy, x6 Precision Drift Shaft, x1 Ascended Sample: Queen
260,000
Level 9
x12 Philosophies of Vagrancy, x9 Precision Drift Shaft, x2 Ascended Sample: Queen
450,000
Level 10
x16 Philosophies of Vagrancy, x12 Precision Drift Shaft, x2 Ascended Sample: Queen, x1 Crown of Insight
700,000
Here's what Talent Materials you'll need to fully upgrade
one
of Flins' skills:
x1 Crown of Insight
x3 Teachings of Vagrancy
x6 Broken Drive Shaft
x6 Ascended Sample: Queen
x21 Guide to Vagrancy
x22 Reinforced Drive Shaft
x31 Precision Drift Shaft
x38 Philosophies of Vagrancy
1,652,500 Mora
To upgrade all
three
of Flins' skills, here's all the Talent Materials you'll need:
x3 Crown of Insight
x9 Teachings of Vagrancy
x18 Broken Drive Shaft
x18 Ascended Sample: Queen
x63 Guide to Vagrancy
x66 Reinforced Drive Shaft
x93 Precision Drift Shaft
x114 Philosophies of Vagrancy
4,957,500 Mora
Remember, this is leaked beta information that could change upon Flins' official release.
Version 6.4 Phase 2 sees the returning 5-Star
Skirk
and a rerun of
Escoffier
. 

So don't forget to redeem
new codes
for
Primogems
to help pull them, and check out our regularly updated
tier list
.

You need luck from the
Pity and 50/50 systems
to
Wish with Fate
for characters on
Banners
, and you always need the right
Adventure Rank
for events.

Elsewhere, we have
tips and tricks for beginners
.
Flins Ascension materials
Frostlamp Flower. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Just like Talents, you need to use Flins Ascension materials to upgrade her health, attack, defence, and critical hit effectiveness.
You'll need to farm a lot of Frostlamp Flower and Shaft materials for Flins to fully upgrade his capabilities.
Unlike Talent materials, you only need to spend the below Ascension materials once to fully raise Flins to his highest character level. There is also Acquaint Fate rewarded for reaching certain Ascension levels. You can spend this Fate on the
standard and beginner Banners
to Wish for characters and weapons.
Here's what Flins Ascension materials and Mora you need to upgrade him for each Ascension level:
Flins Ascension level
Flins Ascension materials
Mora cost
Ascension reward
Level 20
x1 Vajrada Amethyst Sliver, x3 Frostlamp Flower, x3 Broken Drive Shaft
20,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 40
x3 Vajrada Amethyst Fragment, x2 Precision Kuuvahki Stamping Die, x10 Frostlamp Flower, x15 Broken Drive Shaft
40,000
None
Level 50
x6 Vajrada Amethyst Fragment, x4 Precision Kuuvahki Stamping Die, x20 Frostlamp Flower, x12 Reinforced Drive Shaft
60,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 60
x3 Vajrada Amethyst Chunk, x8 Precision Kuuvahki Stamping Die, x30 Frostlamp Flower, x18 Reinforced Drive Shaft
80,000
None
Level 70
x6 Vajrada Amethyst Chunk, x12 Precision Kuuvahki Stamping Die, x45 Frostlamp Flower, x12 Precision Drift Shaft
100,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 80
x6 Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone, x20 Precision Kuuvahki Stamping Die, x60 Frostlamp Flower, x24 Precision Drift Shaft
120,000
None
In total, here's
all the Ascension Materials
you need for Flins in Genshin Impact:
x1 Vajrada Amethyst Sliver
x6 Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone
x9 Vajrada Amethyst Fragment
x9 Vajrada Amethyst Chunk
x18 Broken Drive Shaft
x30 Reinforced Drive Shaft
x36 Precision Drive Shaft
x46 Precision Kuuvahki Stamping Die
x168 Frostlamp Flower
420,000 Mora
Once again, this is leaked beta information, so Flins' materials could change upon his official release.
Flins Constellations
By getting duplicates of Flins from wishing on his Banner, you will receive his Stella Fortuna. This material allows you to unlock Constellation levels, with each upgrade either improving an existing Talent or Passive ability.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Here are all of
Flins' Constellations in Genshin Impact
:
Part the Veil of Snow (C1)
: The basic cooldown of the special Elemental Skill Northland Spearstorm is reduced to four seconds. Additionally, when party members trigger Lunar-Charged reactions, Flins will recover eight Elemental Energy. This effect can occur once every 5.5 seconds.
The Devil's Wall (C2)
: For the next six seconds after using the special Elemental Skill Northland Spearstorm, when Flins' next Normal Attack hits an opponent, it will deal an additional 50% of Flins' attack as AOE Electro damage. This damage is considered Lunar-Charged damage. Moonsign: Ascendant Gleam grants an added bonus as, while Flins is on the field, when his Electro attacks hit an opponent their Electro Resistance will be decreased by 25% for seven seconds.
Stranger in the Night (C3)
: Increases the Level of Flins' Elemental Burst by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Night on Bald Mountain (C4)
: Flins' attack is increased by 20%. Additionally, his Passive Talent 'Whispering Flame' is enhanced, with Flins' Elemental Mastery is increased by 10% of his attack. The maximum increase obtainable this way is 220.
Exile's Shadow (C5)
: Increases the Level of Flins' Elemental Skill by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Songs and Dances of Death (C6)
: The damage dealt to opponents by Flins' Lunar-Charged reactions is elevated by 35%. Moonsign: Ascendant Gleam brings an extra bonus, with all party members' Lunar-Charged damage is elevated by 10%.
Good luck levelling up Flins in Genshin Impact!