Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Flins build and teams
Light the pyre for your enemies with the right weapons and Artifacts for Flins
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Guide
by
Josh Broadwell
Contributor
Updated on
Oct. 1, 2025
0 comments
Follow Genshin Impact
Your
Genshin Impact
Flins build
is unusual as far as most builds go in that a lot of the heavy lifting comes from other characters. Flins' kit and his best Artifacts give him a lot of what he needs already, and you can supplement the rest of his useful stats with elemental mastery buffs from comparatively common 4-star characters. That, plus his best teammate is a free 4-star.
Below, we lay out what makes a good
Genshin Impact Flins build
, including his best weapons and Artifacts, along with the stats you should focus on.
Genshin Impact Flins build
Flins weapons
Flins Artifacts
What stats does Flins need?
Flins teams
Best Flins weapon choices
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Flins might be a
Lunar-Charged character
, but his best weapons are what you'd expect from a standard DPS character. His signature polearm,
Bloodsoaked Ruins
, has crit rate as its secondary stat and increases Lunar-Charged damage by 36 percent after the equipping character uses their elemental burst. It also buffs crit damage by 28 percent for six seconds after the burst activates. Ideally, Flins is doing this after you set up Lunar-Charged reactions with other characters, since he works best when he can use his skill and burst together, which takes a decent bit of on-field time.
Flins has no shortage of alternative weapons, since his needs are comparatively straightforward.
Shenhe
's
Calamity Queller
raises attack, increases elemental damage, then provides an attack buff after the equipping character uses their skill. Ineffa's Fractured
Halo
comes with a hefty crit damage buff and raises attack after the user casts their skill or burst, though Flins won't be able to get the rest of the passive buff since he doesn't generate shields. Primordial Jade-Winged Spear buffs crit rate and increases attack when the equipping character uses normal attacks, which Flins will do frequently thanks to how his skill works.
The free, 4-star craftable Nod-Krai weapon
Prospector's Shovel
is an excellent and much easier to obtain choice, though you'll need to stack crit rate and damage with Flins' artifacts instead. This one has attack as its secondary stat and increases the equipping character's Electro-Charged damage by 48 percent and Lunar-Charged damage by 12 percent, If more than one Nod-Krai character is in the party (and with Aino being one of Flins' best teammates, that shouldn't be an issue), the equipping character's Lunar-Charged damage increases by a further 12 percent.
There's also the craftable Fontaine weapon
Ballad of the Fjords
. It raises crit rate by 27 percent and, if the party has three or more elemental types in it, the equipping character gets a 120-point elemental mastery buff. Flins
should
be getting elemental mastery from his teammates, but this way helps give you more flexibility in who joins him for battle.
Best Flins Artifact sets
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Night of the Sky's Unveiling
is the best choice for Flins, since it has a bit of everything he needs.
Two-piece effect: Increases elemental mastery by 80
Four-piece effect: When party members trigger Lunar reactions and the equipping character is on the field, they gain the Gleaming Moon: Intent effect for four seconds. Gleaming Moon increases crit rate by 15/30 percent when the party's Moonsign is Nascent Gleam/Ascendant Gleam. All party members' Lunar damage is increased by 10 percent for each different Gleaming Moon effect that party members have.
However, you can also focus on increasing his overall damage or bumping up his Electro damage. For example, Thundering Fury raises Electro damage by 15 percent, and the four piece effect increases damage from all Electro elemental reactions, including Lunar reactions. There's also the Marechausse Hunter set, which raises normal and charged attack damage by 15 percent and increases the equipping character's crit rate by 12 percent when they take damage or recover HP, the latter of which stacks three times.
What stats does Flins need?
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Flins is comparatively un-demanding to build, since he'll get most of his stat needs from his artifacts and the right team combinations. Ideally, he wants 2,000 attack or more – standard DPS stuff – and elemental mastery of at least 100-150 before factoring in party buffs. If you're using Night of the Sky's Unveiling, you've already got 80 mastery right there.
Depending on which weapon you're using, he should have 50-ish percent crit rate before combat buffs. In an ideal situation with more than one Nod-Krai character, you'll get the 30 percent crit rate buff from the set's four-piece effect, and with Aino being free, you don't even have to fool with any other Nod-Krai characters to make this work. Adjust the crit rate down if you're using a weapon that also increases crit rate, since you never want to go above 100 percent with that stat.
As for crit damage, the standard rule (double or triple your crit rate) applies. Aim for 150-200 crit damage or higher.
Sands: Attack
Goblet: Attack or Electro damage
Circlet: Crit damage or crit rate
Best Flins team compositions
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Since Lunar-Charged is Flins' whole thing, he should, ideally, have at least one Hydro character on his team and, if you're struggling to use his burst frequently, another Electro character to generate more energy particles via elemental resonance. You can also just use him as a standard Electro DPS, like a Cyno-but-easier-to-build, which opens more team-building opportunities if you get tired of Lunar-Charged.
Flins' Lunar-Charged team could look like this:
Flins
Aino
Kuki Shinobu
or Ineffa
Free spot
Aino helps activate Flins' artifact buff and makes it easy to trigger Electro- and Lunar-Charged, while Kuki Shinobu keeps Electro present when Flins is on cooldown and heals the team. Your free spot could be for another Hydro character if you want to go all-in on triggering as many Lunar-Charged reactions as possible or
Ineffa
if you have her to buff that reaction's damage even further.
Lauma
would diversify the party's damage types, and you can activate her full kit with this team as well.
Alternatively, you could add someone like
Sucrose
or
Kazuha
to the free spot, both of whom would give Flins some additional elemental mastery to help get the most out of Electro-Charged and all those Lunar-Charged clouds.
It's also worth mentioning
Yelan
as a good teammate for Flins, if you have her already or end up getting her during a rerun. She's not essential, and there are more easily acquired Hydro supports you can use. However, her burst, which fires alongside the active character's normal attacks, is an excellent complement to Flins' kit.
Flins is a useful Electro character in his own right, though. If you don't have that many Electro characters to choose from already, he's more than capable of filling your team's main DPS slot and activating other Electro-based reactions, even if they aren't Lunar-Charged.
If you're saving up Primogems and materials for future
Genshin Impact banners,
check out our up-do-date list of
Genshin Impact codes
for some free Primogems.