The Best Build, Weapons, Artifacts, And Team Members For Flins In Genshin Impact
By
Sanyam Jain
Published
Oct 1, 2025, 10:57 AM EDT
Sanyam Jain is a Staff Writer at TheGamer who has worked as a professional gaming journalist since 2022. A Journalism and Mass Communication graduate, he has been testing the limits of the games he plays for as long as he can remember.
An expert in RPG, Open-World, and Gacha games, Sanyam's articles are based on hours upon hours of testing with every new character, mechanic, or puzzle to ensure that you get every information you'll need about it.
Add Us On
Summary
Generate a summary of this story
Jump links
Jump Links
Flins Overview, Kit, And Talent Priority
Flins' Kit, Explained
Flins' Constellations, Explained
Flins' Talent Priority
Flins Best Weapons
Flins Best Artifact Sets
Flins Artifact Stat Priority
Flins Best Team Compositions
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Thread
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
With the release of Nod-Krai as the seventh main region in
Genshin Impact
, HoYoverse has once again introduced a brand-new mechanic that you'll only see in combat with characters hailing from this region. This mechanic is known as lunar reactions, and the best part about these reactions is that they can crit.
Related
Genshin Impact: Lauma Build And Team Guide
Lauma is the first limited character from Nod-Krai in Genshin Impact, and she can be quite strong once you understand her kit.
Posts
By
Sanyam Jain
Flins is the second five-star character to be released from this region, and he has an Electro vision with a Polearm as his weapon choice. He's one of the most F2P-friendly characters in the game, but you can also use a specific set of gear on him to get the most value and defeat everything in your way.
Flins Overview, Kit, And Talent Priority
Exploration
S Tier
Spiral Abyss
S+ Tier
Imaginarium Theater
S+ Tier
As you'll notice with most of the new character releases in Genshin Impact, Flins also debuts with an S-rating in nearly everything you can use him for. The only reason for his overworld rating to be
slightly lower than the maximum is the amount of setup you need
alongside enough charge on your Elemental Burst to use him properly.
Flins is the second character who uses the Lunar-Charged reaction as his main damage source in the game,
with the first one being his best-in-slot support
. While his
kit might sound a little complicated
, it's much easier in practice.
It's important to remember that the Lunar-Charged reaction can crit, and the
crit chance scales off Flins' Crit Rate
.
Flins' Kit, Explained
While Flins' kit might seem a little complicated at first glance,
it's a lot easier to use in combat
, and here are the main things you need to know:
Flins has different Elemental Skills that can be used one after another. The first usage of the Skill infuses his attacks with Electro,
removes his Plunge Attack, and lasts for ten seconds
. Within these ten seconds, you can use his second Elemental Skill.
The second Elemental Skill deals a ton of one-time damage to the enemies and
opens up the way to use his special Elemental Burst
. This Skill has a six-second cooldown, which means that it can only be used twice in one Elemental Skill cycle.
Flins also has two Elemental Bursts. One Burst can be used when his Energy is full to
deal up to five instances of Lunar-Charged DMG
(three if you don't have the thunderclouds from Lunar-Charged).
The second Burst can be activated after his second Skill, and it consumes far less Energy to
deal up to two instances of Lunar-Charged DMG
(one if you don't have the thunderclouds). This is the Burst you'd want to use for the most part with him.
Flins gets up to
34 percent Lunar-Charged DMG boost and 160 Elemental Mastery
from his passives as long as you have over 2,000 ATK.
With Flins, your general rotation includes you using your Skill, followed by another Skill, and then the Burst. After that,
you have to wait for the cooldown to use the two abilities again
. He doesn't have a long on-field time, which allows you to use some supports that might take longer on the field.
Flins' Constellations, Explained
While Flins is considered F2P-friendly, his constellations can still give him a massive boost. The first constellation is the
best quality of life that you can get
on this character:
Reduces the cooldown of his second Skill by four seconds, bringing it down to only two seconds. Moreover,
he recovers eight Energy particles every 5.5 seconds
when a Lunar-Charged reaction is triggered.
This constellation lets Flins hit an
extra instance of Lunar-Charged AoE DMG
after using his second Skill. Moreover, his attacks reduce the opponent's Electro RES by 25 percent.
Increases his Burst's current and maximum level by three.
Increases Flins' ATK
and the EM gained from his passives is increased to 220.
Increases his Skill's current and maximum level by three.
This constellation
elevates Flins' Lunar-Charged by 35 percent
and other party members' Lunar-Charged DMG by ten percent.
Elevate is an added multiplier that gets applied at the very end,
meaning that it takes all other damage enhancements
into its calculation.
If you're going for constellations on Flins, the
second one is a good stopping point
unless you're going for all of them. You can
also just go for the first constellation to get the quality of life
that'll boost your damage a lot more than you think.
Flins' Talent Priority
Much like a lot of other characters in Genshin Impact, you only have to
upgrade two talents for Flins in the following order: Elemental Burst - Elemental Skill
. You can ignore his Normal Attack and also keep his Skill at level eight if you don't want to invest too heavily. His Burst, however, needs to be upgraded to the maximum level.
Flins Best Weapons
As a character a features a relatively new mechanic in Genshin Impact, Flins has a
surprisingly good amount of choices when it comes to his weapon
. While
Bloodsoaked Ruins
is undoubtedly his best choice, here are all your other options:
Weapon
Synergy With Flins
Bloodsoaked Ruins
Flins' signature weapon gives him a ton of Crit Rate alongside a bunch of Lunar-Charged DMG after using his Burst.
He also gets additional Crit DMG and some Energy particles
after triggering a Lunar-Charged reaction.
Primordial Jade Winged-Spear
This is a simple weapon that gives him some Crit Rate and
increases his ATK on every hit
. It also increases his DMG after getting the seven stacks of increased ATK.
Fractured Halo
If you have an extra copy of Ineffa's weapon, you can
use it to give some ATK boost to Flins
, though its second part is largely useless since Flins doesn't create a shield.
Staff of the Scarlet Sands
This weapon
converts some of your Elemental Mastery to ATK
, which is always good for him.
Staff Of Homa
Staff of Homa is quite a situational weapon, as it's
only good on Flins if you use him with Furina
since he can get as low as 50 percent HP in that team.
Deathmatch
This is his best four-star weapon as it gives him a ton of Crit
alongside some ATK and DEF
based on the number of enemies around.
Ballad of the Fjords
This weapon can increase Flins' Elemental Mastery
if you have more than three elements in the team
, which is likely going to be the case.
Blackcliff Pole
This is his best F2P-friendly weapon as it can give him some
much-needed Crit DMG and ATK
.
Favonius Lance
Finally, if you don't have any of the above choices, you can use this to regenerate a ton of Energy on Flins constantly,
allowing you to use his Burst a lot more often
.
Flins Best Artifact Sets
Flins' artifact set situation is the complete opposite of his weapon since
he can only use Night of the Sky's Unveiling for the most part
. While you do have a second choice, it's only good in the early game until you can replace it with the former:
Artifact Sets
Synergy With Flins
Night of the Sky's Unveiling
This set gives Flins a ton of buffs including
80 Elemental Mastery, 30 percent Crit Rate, and ten percent Lunar-Charged DMG
boost.
Thundering Fury
This is a decent early-game set for Flins as it gives him only 15 percent Electro DMG Bonus (which doesn't buff Lunar-Charged DMG), and
20 percent Lunar-Charged DMG boost
.
Flins Artifact Stat Priority
Sands
ATK Percent
Goblet
ATK Percent
Circlet
Crit DMG/Rate
Sub-Stats
Crit Rate/DMG > ATK Percent > Energy Recharge > Elemental Mastery
For the most efficient build on Flins, you'll have
double Crit rolls, ATK Percent, and Energy Recharge
on each piece.
Ideally, you'd want at least 125 percent Energy Recharge on Flins to have a good uptime on his Burst,
with about 60 percent Crit Rate
and as much Crit DMG as possible.
Flins Best Team Compositions
Best Flins Team
Flins, Ineffa, Aino, Sucrose
F2P Flins Team
Flins, Fischl, Aino/Xingqiu, Sucrose
The team compositions in Genshin Impact have been getting more strict with time, with each character only being good in a few specific teams. Flins is no different in each regard since his
best team involves Ineffa, Aino, and Sucrose
while his F2P team just
replaces Ineffa with Fischl
as one of the best choices.
Generally, when you think of a Hydro or Anemo support for a character, you'd instantly gravitate towards Furina or Kazuha. However, the damage boost given by these characters
isn't of much use to Flins as it doesn't boost the Lunar-Charged DMG
. As for Aino, it's highly recommended to have her at least on the first constellation for this team.
If you're using Ineffa with Flins, it's highly
recommended to use Silken Moon's Serenade set
on her.
Ineffa is kind of a staple character for Flins as she can give him an additional 14 percent Lunar-Charged DMG bonus among other important buffs.
Next
Genshin Impact: Dahlia Build And Team Guide
Dahlia is an important figure in the Church of Favonius in Mondstadt, and you can get some value from his kit if you build him properly.
Posts
By
Sanyam Jain
Live-Service Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
26.7%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
19.7%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
11.9%
007 First Light
007 First Light
9.1%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.6%
Other
Other
21.0%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Gaming Cannot Allow Pragmata's Diana Fan Club To Flourish
Mounts Are Disappearing After Crimson Desert's Latest Update
Unannounced Ubisoft Life Sim Reportedly Cancelled At Ubisoft Montreal