Genshin Impact: The Best Team Compositions For Barbara
By
Nahda Nabiilah
Published
Jun 20, 2022, 10:00 AM EDT
Nahda Nabiilah is a writer and editor from Indonesia. She has always loved writing and playing games, so one day she decided to combine the two. Most of the time, writing gaming guides is a blast for her, due to it being two of Nahda's favorite things. She strives to make detailed and easy-to-follow guides.
Sign in to your
GameRant
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Barbara
Hydro
Catalyst
Mondstadt
Guides
Ascension
Builds
Weapons
Team Comp
Constellation
Player Mistakes
Back to All Characters
The idol of Mondstadt, Barbara, is one of the few characters that
Genshin Impact
players will get for free. She's given after players complete some quests of the first Archon Quest. Barbara's primary role in a team is as the healer, so she can fit into most
Genshin Impact
team compositions easily.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Mistakes Players Make When Using Barbara
However, while Barbara can fit in practically any composition, some team allows her to perform better as a support. For example, Barbara is great as a buffer for Hydro DPS, and as a Catalyst wielder, she can easily buff her team using a 3-star
Genshin Impact
weapon.
Tartaglia + Beidou + Kazuha + Barbara
Childe and Beidou are universally known for their Fireworks team composition. Together, they make an incredible combo that easily spread Electro-charged reactions all over the battlefield. Adding Kazuha will spice things up by
giving Childe a decent Hydro buff
. Kazuha will also keep enemies controlled and collect them all in one place to maximize Tartaglia’s AoE damage. If the Samurai uses 4-Viridescent Venerer, he will also decrease the enemies' Hydro RES by 40%.
Barbara, in this team composition, will fully operate as a Support. She will heal Tartaglia with her Elemental Skill, and her C2 will further buff his Hydro DMG by 15%. Since Barbara is a Catalyst user and needs HP to increase her healing, giving her
Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers
will increase Childe’s ATK by 48%, allowing her to further improve her role as a Support in this team composition.
Team Roles
Childe:
Main DPS, Hydro enabler
Beidou:
Shielder, Electro-charged trigger
Kazuha:
CC, Sub-DPS, buffer, Swirl trigger, debuffer
Barbara:
Healer, buffer
Xiao + Zhongli + Raiden Shogun + Barbara
Anemo is a supportive Element that can reduce the enemy's RES to Hydro, Electro, Pyro, and Cryo. However, since Xiao is the Main DPS, he needs someone that can reduce the enemy's Anemo RES instead. This is where Zhongli comes in. The Geo Archon's Jade Shield will not only allow Xiao to Plunge without getting interrupted, but it also reduces the opponent's RES to all kinds of damage. Meanwhile, The Electro Archon's job in this
team composition is to be a battery for Xiao
and to enable Xiao’s Swirls. She is one of the best batteries in
Genshin Impact
and can keep Xiao’s Elemental Burst active 100% of the time.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Is Vermillion Hereafter Good On Xiao?
As for Barbara, she won’t be able to buff Xiao as much as she buffs Tartaglia, but
Xiao desperately needs a healer
since his HP suffers even inside Zhongli’s shield, so having Barbara with Dragon Slayer Catalyst is a perfect addition to his team.
Team Roles
Xiao:
Main DPS
Zhongli:
Shielder, buffer, debuffer
Raiden Shogun:
Sub-DPS, battery, Electro enabler
Barbara:
Healer, buffer
Hu Tao + Yelan + Kazuha + Barbara
Hu Tao + Yelan or Xingqiu are one of the
best pairs in
Genshin Impact
. Yelan will enable Hydro for Hu Tao to trigger Vaporize over and over again, increasing her Charged Attacks damage. Considering the lack of AoE Hu Tao suffer from, Kazuha will be the perfect addition to this composition. He will keep enemies close with his Elemental Skill and reduce their Hydro and Pyro damage when his Anemo comes in contact with Pyro or Hydro.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best Hu Tao Build
In this team composition,
Barbara’s job is to be Hu Tao’s emergency button
. Hu Tao has to stay under 50% HP to deal more Pyro damage, and her Elemental Skill will keep draining her HP (not to mention enemies’ hits). Without the protection of Xingqiu or Zhongli, the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor Director will constantly be on the edge of death. Using Barbara's Elemental Burst will easily save Hu Tao in dire situations. With her sixth Constellation unlocked, Barbara can also revive Hu Tao if she fell.
Team Roles
Hu Tao:
Main DPS, Vaporize trigger
Yelan:
Sub-DPS, buffer, Hydro enabler
Kazuha:
CC, Sub-DPS, buffer, Swirl trigger, debuffer
Barbara:
Healer, Hydro enabler, reviver
Barbara + Raiden Shogun + Ganyu + Venti
There was once a meme showing Barbara killing Oceanid solo using Physical damage. Back then, it was just silly since there were a lot of limitations to the idea. But now, thanks to Ocean-Hued Clam, people can actually play Barbara as a Physical damage dealer (it's not at all meta, but it's great for people who want to main Barbara). For this, she doesn’t need any godly artifacts or any crazy buffs from characters like Sucrose or Bennett. All
she needs is Superconduct and 4-Ocean-Hued Clam
. The Artifacts’ passive will create a small bubble next to Barbara every time she heals and will pop every three seconds, inflicting Physical damage to her surrounding monsters.
To make that possible, Barbara needs at least one Cryo and One Electro in her team. Obviously, Raiden Shogun and Ganyu are the best choices, considering both keep applying Electro and Cryo over long periods of time. As for Venti, he keeps enemies close and quickens the triggering of Superconduct with his Elemental Burst.
After using Raiden Shogun’s Elemental Skill and Ganyu’s Elemental Burst, Venti unleashes his broken, endlessly nerfed Burst, and the Barbara show begins. Use her Elemental Skill and Charge Attack the enemies, staying next to them. Barbara will have a steady burst of damage of 25k to 35k every three seconds, based on the situation and the enemies.
Of course, this
team composition works better with Kokomi
, since she has a higher damage output and better healing than Barbara.
Team Roles
Barbara:
Main DPS, healer
Raiden Shogun:
Sub-DPS, Electro enabler, Superconduct trigger, battery
Ganyu:
Sub-DPS, Cryo enabler, Superconduct trigger
Venti:
CC, Swirl trigger, battery, debuffer
Genshin Impact
is now available on Mobile, PC, PS4, and PS5. A Switch version is in development.
MORE:
Genshin Impact: Barbara’s Ascension And Talent Materials List
Strategy Guides
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which recently released Nintendo cozy game do you prefer?
Pokemon Pokopia
Pokemon Pokopia
57.6%
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
42.4%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
9 Classic ‘90s Fantasy Anime Everyone Grew Up With
Dead by Daylight Developer Behaviour Interactive Hit With Layoffs
Pokopia Player Fully Restores the S.S. Anne