Best Team Compositions For Bennett In Genshin Impact
By
William Quick
Published
Mar 3, 2022, 6:45 PM EST
Will Quick is a game player, journalist, and content creator currently living in Spain. He's spent a lot of time working as a video editor and graphic designer for sites like Guide Fall and plans to continue his efforts for TheGamer. When he's not playing or writing, he's drawing comics and making puns.
I've been writing about games and pop culture for over 5 years now with a focus on indie games. Since I started, I've had the opportunity to learn a lot about the industry, conduct research investigations, and most important, interview developers of all sorts. TheGamer is a great platform for me to share my thoughts and ideas while getting a chance to read the writings of others which broaden my perspective.
If I had to pick an expertise, I'd say it would be the diversity and development of independent games. In many ways, access to software like Unreal Engine and Unity has made indie development much more viable with pre-packaged tools like RPG Maker highlighting the creativity of a lot of folks. That being said, there will likely be a huge shift in indie development with Unity's new download fee that will go into effect at the start of 2024. In response, some dev teams will be taking their titles off the market to avoid this fee.
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Who Is Bennett?
Best Team For Bennett
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
The fun thing about JRPG universes is that there's a place for everybody. That's how you end up with really diverse party compositions that include characters from all walks of life with different ages, backgrounds, styles, and careers.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best Team Compositions For Diluc
This is the case for
Genshin Impact
where all the characters are very distinct in terms of attitude and appearance. Beyond all that, each character has proven themselves to be very capable in terms of combat and fieldwork. You've got several adults and youths who have learned to master their elements, so they can bring a lot to the adventure and Bennett does that well.
Who Is Bennett?
It's a wonder how someone can keep such an upbeat attitude despite their history and luck. In Bennett's case, he was found as an orphan and admitted to
the Adventurer's Guild in Mondstadt
which is where he grew up. He ended up becoming
a very skilled adventurer
but struggled to find people willing to team up with him since disaster seems to follow wherever he goes.
As a warrior,
he's a sword-wielding Pyro-user
who can act as
a fast-attacking DPS member
in your team. His abilities vary from being able to significantly power his attacks to being able to inspire allies into
regenerating health and getting attack boosts.
Best Team For Bennett
Since Bennet's abilities allow him to attack and support to a solid degree,
he's a good addition to a well-rounded party.
As such, his fellow members should be able to take advantage of this and
add to his power.
Chongyun
If you have a Fire elemental user then you should have Cryo to balance it out and
this Claymore-wielder
is a strong candidate. Aside from being able to unleash a lot of strikes and AoE damage, his abilities can greatly improve Bennet's fighting. By performing
Chongyu's Layered Frost,
Bennet's weapon can be
buffed to deal Cryo damage as well.
By adding on
Steady Breathing,
his attack speed will be raised by 8 percent.
Xingqiu
While it could be considered counter-productive to have water fighting alongside fire,
this sword user's
Hydro powers can be beneficial to Bennett. Very similar to him, Xingqiu can attack quite quickly and in rapid succession due to being able to wield dual blades. Additionally, he can provide a different kind of support in the form of
Fatal Rainscreen.
This gives Bennett
Rain Swords to reduce damage received
and Raincutter allows Bennett's attacks to be
accompanied by Hydro damage.
He can also give Bennett
some healing from Hydropathic
when the Rain Swords break.
Xiangling
Too much fire can be a bad thing, but teaming up
this Pyro pole-arm user
with Bennett is a good decision. Like Bennett, Xiangling is mainly about
attacking and using AoE Pyro attacks
across the field. Her most notable ability is being able to
summon a Panda named Guoba to wander around the field breathing fire.
A useful byproduct of this is that Guoba will drop chili peppers as a result of
Beware! It's Super Hot!
Getting Bennett to pick this up will
increase his attack by 10 percent for around 10 seconds.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: Best Team Compositions For Aloy
Gaming Guides
Live-Service Games
Triple-A Games
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
26.2%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
19.7%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.2%
007 First Light
007 First Light
9.1%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.6%
Other
Other
21.1%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
7 Best Family Board Games In 2026
New Xbox Chief Will Reevaluate "Approach To Exclusivity" And Windowing
You Can Still Get Your Miis Married If You Suck At Tomodachi Life: Living The Dream's Proposal Minigame