Task Search
Checklists
Guides
Markers
Videos
Sort and Filter
No Results
Checklists
New Checklist
All Lists
My Checklists
All
All Lists
My Checklists
How creative can you get with your first free checklist?
Create a free account
All Interactive Maps and Locations
Genshin Bennett Build Guide - Best Talents, Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
By
Cedric Pabriga
,
Jen Rothery
,
Triforce
,
+30 more
Updated
:
Dec 7, 2022 1:20pm UTC
Looking for a
Genshin Impact Bennett Build
guide? Bennett is a character who existed in Genshin Impact since the game's initial launch, and has proven time and time again to be one of the most useful, powerful characters in the game. This guide will cover all of Bennett's important mechanics and the best talents, weapons, artifacts, and teammates for him.
Though good-hearted, Bennett has a hard time living up to the life of an adventurer around Mondstadt. In the past, he led the aptly named Benny’s Adventure Team, but due to his unusual talent of being incredibly unlucky, a series of accidents caused his teammates to go “on leave.”
Want to skip to a specific section? Click on one of these links!
Table of Contents
How to Get Bennett
Bennett Build Summary
Bennett Gameplay Overview
Talents
Bennett's Constellations
Best Bennett Character Builds
Best Weapons for Bennett
Best Artifacts for Bennett
Best Bennett Teams
Want to see how Bennett compares to other characters in Genshin Impact? Check out our complete
Genshin Impact Tier List
that ranks every character from Best to Worst.
How to Get Bennett
Bennett is a 4-star character available both on the standard banner and the character banner, as well as Paimon's Bargains. This makes him easily accessible to players of all experience levels, and adding Bennett to your account is
always
recommended, including his first constellation.
Best Genshin Bennett Build: Summary
Best Bennett Build:
Support
Weapon:
Freedom Sworn
OR
Skyward Blade
Artifacts:
Noblesse Oblige 4pc
OR
Instructor (4pc)
Sands:
HP%
OR
Energy Recharge%
Goblet:
HP%
Circlet:
HP%
OR
Healing Bonus
Best Bennett Build:
Damage
Weapon:
Mistsplitter Reforged
OR
Aquila Favonia
Artifacts:
Crimson Witch of Flames 4pc
OR
Thundering Fury 4pc
Sands:
ATK%
OR
Elemental Mastery
OR
Energy Recharge
Goblet:
Pyro DMG Bonus
Circlet:
CRIT Rate
OR
Damage
Genshin Bennett Gameplay Overview
Element:
Pyro
Weapon:
Sword
Rarity:
4-star
Bennett shines brightest with his first constellation, but even without it, he remains one of the strongest supports in Genshin Impact, thanks to his incredible Elemental Burst.
He is capable of two different builds: one focused on damage and the other focused on his healing capacities. Focusing on healing is the most resource-efficient option, but there are valuable merits to using him for damage as well. No matter what, if Bennett is on your team, he is going to put in work.
Genshin Impact Bennett Talents
Normal Attack - Strike of Fortune
Bennett's Normal Attacks are average for a 4-star character, so only level this talent when youre focusing on his overall damage. Most of the time, he won't need levels in this unless he has all of his constellations.
Elemental Skill - Passion Overload
The Elemental Skill has three different versions, all of which apply Pyro and deal Pyro damage to the affected enemy. This Pyro application has no internal cooldown (ICD), so every Skill use applies Pyro, even when used in quick succession (see the
Comprehensive Guide to Elemental Reactions
for more info regarding this).
Tap - One hit, 5s cooldown. Usually recommended.
Hold (Short) - Two hits, 7.5s cooldown.
Hold (Long) - Three hits, 10s cooldown and launches Bennett backwards.
When Bennett is ascended at least once (lvl 40+ cap), the cooldown of his Skill is reduced by 20%. This cooldown is reduced by another 50% when within the radius of his Burst zone after ascending Bennett four times (lvl 70+ cap).
Every time a character uses an Elemental Skill, they generate elemental particles for themselves and the team -- more for characters of the same element than different elements. It has a short cooldown when tapped, meaning he can repeatedly generate particles for energy-hungry Pyro characters like
Xiangling.
Elemental Burst - Fantastic Voyage
Fantastic Voyage
is Bennett's bread-and-butter. Is it the reason Bennett is widely considered to be in competition for "best support character in Genshin Impact."
Here's how it works: Bennett impacts the ground and deals a decent amount of damage to enemies while applying a strong Pyro aura
(2U)
.
The impact leaves a large red zone on the ground, and as long as your active character is standing within that zone, Bennett will heal the character up to 70% health, based on Bennett's Max HP and share a huge percentage of his Base ATK stat (over 100% in some cases) with that character for as long as they're at or above 70% health.
Base ATK is determined only by your level and the ATK number on an equpped weapon. "ATK%" stats do not affect this stat, which makes high Base ATK weapons like Mistsplitter Reforged, Aquila Favonia, and Alley Flash more value than most other weapons.
It is difficult to understate how major of a boost this is: 4-stars begin feeling like 5-stars, and 5-stars feel gamebreaking. Of course, this only applies to character who care about their ATK stat. Luckily, most characters do. Many players build nothing but Elemental Recharge on Bennett
just
to make sure his Burst is buffing the team as long as possible.
With his first constellation, the health requirement to receive the ATK buff from Bennett disappears, offering almost unlimited buff uptime on your characters. Levelling this talent is your top priority.
Genshin Bennett Constellations
The most important constellation for Bennett is his C1 as this negates the previous pre-requisite for the ATK bonus it provides.
All his constellations are excellent
.
Initially C6 was controversial due to its tendency to negate some team compositions that do not want the Pyro infusion, however, now it is generally agreed that C6 does more benefit than harm. If you want to pair Bennett with a Physical DPS like
Eula
, avoid C6.
Constellation Name
In-Game Description
Notes
Great Expedition (C1)
Fantastic Voyager's ATK increase no long has an HP restriction and is increased by a further 20% of Bennett's Base ATK.
Almost essential; makes him game-breaking.
Impasse Conqueror (C2)
When HP falls below 70%, increases Energy Recharge by 30%.
Helps satisfy high Energy Recharge needs. Very worthwhile. OK Stopping point.
Unstoppable Fervor (C3)
Increases Passion Overload's level by 3.
More damage.
Unexpected Odyssey (C4)
Passion Overload's short hold can be followed up with an additional attack.
More damage.
True Explorer (C5)
Increases Fantastic Voyage's level by 3.
More damage.
Fine Ventures with Me (C6)
Sword, Claymore, or Polearm-wielding
characters
inside Fantastic Voyage's circle gain a 15% Pyro DMG Bonus. Normal and Charged Attacks also become Pyro attacks.
Sometimes a
lot
more damage, but may make some teams harder to play.
Best Genshin Bennett Character Builds
Bennett is best utilized as a Support character, only switched in to charge his Elemental Burst with his Elemental Skill. At level 40, Bennett gains natural Energy Recharge. Continue stacking it to buff the availability of his Burst.
The ATK increase of his Burst scales with his own ATK, making it almost as important to focus on. A weapon with both
stats
and a skill that helps reduce his Skill cooldown or create more Elemental Orbs/Particles is the icing on the cake.
Best Bennett Weapons
Bennett's best weapon is most often the weapon you have with the highest Base ATK. Weapons that give Energy Recharge are fine, but focusing on having a high Base ATK is top priority. Try to avoid having less than 550 Base ATK on your weapon.
Weapon
Game Text
Notes
Mistsplitter Reforged
[ 675 ATK - 44% CRIT DMG ]
Gain a 12% Elemental DMG Bonus for all elements and receive the might of the Mistsplitter's Emblem. At stack levels 1/2/3, the Mistsplitter's Emblem provides a 8/16/28% Elemental DMG Bonus for the character's Elemental Type. The character will obtain 1 stack of Mistsplitter's Emblem in each of the following scenarios: Normal Attack deals Elemental DMG (stack lasts 5s), casting Elemental Burst (stack lasts 10s); Energy is less than 100% (stack disappears when Energy is full). Each stack's duration is calculated independently.
Best for ATK Buffing and Personal Damage
Aquila Favonia
[ 675 ATK - 41.3% Physical DMG Bonus ]
ATK is increased by 20%. Triggers on taking DMG: the soul of the Falcon of the West awakens, holding the banner of resistance aloft, regenerating HP equal to 100% of ATK and dealing 200% of ATK as DMG to surrounding opponents. This effect can only occur once every 15s.
Most Accessible 5-Star ATK Buffer (Obtainable on All Banners)
Freedom Sworn
[ 608 ATK - 198 Elemental Mastery ]
A part of the "Millennial Movement" that wanders amidst the winds. Increases DMG by 10%. When the character wielding this weapon triggers Elemental Reactions, they gain a Sigil of Rebellion. This effect can be triggered once every 0.5s and can be triggered even if said character is not on the field. When you possess 2 Sigils of Rebellion, all of them will be consumed and all nearby party members will obtain "Millennial Movement: Song of Resistance" for 12s. "Millennial Movement: Song of Resistance" increases Normal, Charged and Plunging Attack DMG by 16% and increases ATK by 20%. Once this effect is triggered, you will not gain Sigils of Rebellion for 20s. Of the many effects of the "Millennial Movement," buffs of the same type will not stack.
Best for Buff-Stacking/Support
Skyward Blade
[ 608 ATK - 55.1% Energy Recharge ]
CRIT Rate increased by 4%. Gains Skypiercing Might upon using an Elemental Burst: Increases Movement SPD by 10%, increases ATK SPD by 10%, and Normal and Charged hits deal additional DMG equal to 20% of ATK. Skypiercing Might lasts for 12s.
Best Energy Recharge Weapon for Rapid Bursts
The Alley Flash
[ 620 ATK - 55 Elemental Mastery ]
Increases DMG dealt by the character equipping this weapon by 12%. Taking DMG disables this effect for 5s.
Best 4-star Weapon
Prototype Rancour
[ 565 ATK - 34.5 Physical DMG Bonus ]
On hit, Normal or Charged Attacks increase ATK and DEF by 4% for 6s. Max 4 stacks. This effect can only occur once every 0.3s.
Free for Reaching Adventure Rank 10.
Best Bennett Artifacts
The recommended artifact sets and mainstats on artifacts depend on the build you're focusing on.
For Support:
Sands - Energy Recharge% or HP%
Goblet - HP%
Circlet - HP% or Healing Bonus
For DPS/Damage:
Sands - ATK%, Elemental Mastery, or Energy Recharge
Goblet - Pyro DMG Bonus
Circlet - CRIT Rate or Damage
For set guidance, refer to the table below:
Artifact Name
In-Game Description
Notes
Noblesse Oblige (4pc)
2-piece effect - Elemental Burst DMG +20%
4-piece effect - Using an Elemental Burst increases all party members' ATK by 20% for 12s. This effect cannot stack.
Best Support Set
Crimson Witch of Flames (4pc)
2-piece effect - Pyro DMG Bonus +15%
4-piece effect - Increases Overloaded and Burning, and Burgeon DMG by 40%. Increases Vaporize and Melt DMG by 15%. Using Elemental Skill increases the 2-Piece Set Bonus by 50% of its starting value for 10s. Max 3 stacks.
Best DPS Set
Thundering Fury (4pc)
2-piece effect - Electro DMG Bonus +15%
4-piece effect - Increases DMG caused by Overloaded, Electro-Charged, Superconduct, and Hyperbloom by 40%, and the DMG Bonus conferred by Aggravate is increased by 20%. When Quicken or the aforementioned Elemental Reactions are triggered, Elemental Skill CD is decreased by 1s. Can only occur once every 0.8s.
Unique Skill-Spam DPS Playstyle
Pair with an Electro character like
Fischl
.
Instructor (4pc)
2-piece effect - 	Increases Elemental Mastery by 80.
4-piece effect - Upon triggering an Elemental Reaction, increases all party members' Elemental Mastery by 120 for 8s.
Best 4-Star Set
Great for buffing elemental reactions.
Best Genshin Bennett Teams
Bennett is best for any team in which the majority of the team values the ATK stat in their damage, so there a few teams that Bennett
doesn't
offer a major bonus to.
These guidelines are only optional, and several team examples will be listed at the end.
Find a Pyro Teammate
The best way to use a character, however, involves maximizing the use of their kit. In a previous section, we discussed that Bennett creates many particles with his Elemental Skill when used off-cooldown, and his Burst heals and buffs the team. The ideal teammate, then, would be a Pyro character who needs a lot of energy and also has extremely high damage output.
Xiangling
is the prime example of this.
Bennett and Xiangling, together, create one of the strongest team duos in the game, and Xiangling is 100% free, obtainable from
clearing Floor 3 of the Spiral Abyss
.
Almost any Pyro character will benefit from Bennett, but Bennett and Xiangling are so naturally strong that you can pair almost any other two characters with them, and the team will have a decent chance of beating the hardest Spiral Abyss floors - the most difficult combat challenges in the game.
Find an Anemo Teammate
Anemo characters have two particular traits that no other characters have to the same extent.
First, Anemo characters have access to the
4pc Viridescent Venerer set
, which reduces enemy resistance to Swirled elements. This artifact set deserves to be on almost any Anemo character that exists. The wider variety of buffs and debuffs at play, the higher a character's damage ceiling will rise. Reducing enemy resistance is also a rare debuff otherwise.
Second, Anemo characters usually have excellent
crowd control
; that is, they are effective at grouping enemies together. This is especially valuable for Bennett because his buffs only apply to your team while they stand within his Burst zone. Anemo characters can group enemies within the confines of Bennett's circle.
The most flexible candidates include
Kazuha
,
Venti
, and
Sucrose
.
Jean
is also sometimes good due to her ability to swirl Pyro from the Burst zone onto enemies, which is especially useful for Cryo DPS characters trying to maximize their damage through Melt reactions, like
Ganyu
,
Ayaka
,
Kaeya
, and
Rosaria
.
Find a Teammate Who Reacts With Pyro (Usually Cryo/Hydro/Electro)
Since you're likely using an additional Pyro character
or
an Anemo character who can Swirl Pyro onto enemies, you may as well pick a character that can benefit from the Pyro application.
For Cryo teammates,
Ganyu
,
Ayaka
,
Kaeya
, and
Rosaria
deal extra damage through "Reverse-Melt" reactions, which applies Cryo on a Pyro affected enemy for 50% extra damage. These are usually the most competitive beneficiaries of Bennett's kit.
Hydro teammates exist to maximize your Pyro DPS's damage, which will usually be
Xiangling
,
Diluc
, or
Yoimiya
. Basically, they apply Hydro periodically so your Pyro DPS can "Reverse-Vaporize" their attacks. Ideal choices here include
Tartaglia (Childe)
,
Ayato
,
Yelan
, and
Xingqiu
.
Finally Electro teammates are best when paired with a Hydro unit, as this allows Hydro, Pyro, and Electro to create both Overload and Vaporize reactions simultaneously. Electro units are also essential if Bennett is equipping the 4-piece Thundering Fury artifact set. Noteworthy picks are the
Raiden Shogun
,
Miko
,
Fischl
, and
Beidou
.
Example Bennett Teams
This section will simply be a list of four-person teams. The strategy is basically the same in every combination: use Bennett's Burst as often as possible, spam Bennett's Skill to generate particles when you can, and make sure all your most powerful attacks are made while in the middle of Bennett's circle. Then, rinse and repeat.
Bennett, Xiangling, Xingqiu, Raiden Shogun
Bennett, Kazuha, Sara, Raiden Shogun
Bennett, Xiangling, Collei, Kazuha
Bennett, Xiangling, Yelan, Xingqiu
Bennett, Xiangling, Kazuha, Tartaglia
Bennett, Xiangling, Yunjin, Ayato
Bennett, Fischl, Beidou, Tartaglia
Bennett, Fischl, Beidou, Ayato
Bennett, Xiangling, Kaeya, Rosaria
Bennett, Kazuha, Shenhe, Rosaria
Bennett, Fischl, Collei, Sucrose
Bennett, Jean, Zhongli, Ganyu
Bennett, Sucrose, Nahida, Miko
and many, many,
many,
many
more.
Seriously, he is often the glue that ties even the most random teams together.
Up Next:
Candace Banner, Skills, Talents, and Constellations
Previous
Genshin Impact Beidou Build Guide - Best Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
Next
Candace Banner, Skills, Talents, and Constellations
Top Guide Sections
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna IV Release Time and Details
Genshin Impact Luna III Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna II Release Date and Details
Was this guide helpful?
Leave feedback
In This Guide
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Initial Release:
Sep 27, 2020
+2
Learn more
Go to comments