Genshin Impact 2.6
is out now which means Ayato is finally coming home for most of the players. If you haven’t already pre-farmed his materials, we have an article with every single material and their locations, so check it out. Today we’ll focus on the artifacts and weapons you need for Ayato. In addition to that, we will also look at his abilities and constellation. So let’s get into it!
Genshin Impact
Ayato Best Artifact Builds:
In terms of artifacts, these are some of the best builds you can go for:
The first
DPS build
you can go for is a
4-piece Echoes of An Offering
set. These are the effects of the artifact set.
2-piece effect:
ATK increased by 18%
4-piece effect:
When a Normal Attack hits an opponent, there is a 36% chance that Valley Rite will be triggered, increasing Normal Attack Damage by 70% of ATK. After a Normal Attack deals DMG, this effect will be erased in 0.05s. If a Normal Attack fails to trigger a Valley Rite, the chances of it happening again are increased by 20%. This trigger can happen every 0.3 seconds.
The second option you can go for is a
4-piece Heart of Depth
Set. These are the effects of the artifact set.
2-piece effect:
15% more Hydro DMG Bonus
4-piece effect:
Increases Normal Attack and Charged Attack DMG by 30% for 15 seconds after using Elemental Skill.
The third option for DPS Ayato you can go for is a
2-piece Heart of Depth
and a
2-piece Gladiator’s Finale
. Here’s the effect for the same.
2-piece effect(GLAD):
ATK increased by 18%
In terms of support DPS, you can go for either
2-piece Heart of Depth
and
2-piece Noblesse Oblige
or
4-piece Noblesse Oblige
. Here are the effects of the same.
2-piece effect:
Elemental Burst DMG increased by 20%
4-piece effect:
For 12 seconds, using an Elemental Burst improves all party members’ ATK by 20%. This effect cannot stack.
CRIT sub-stats are very important in every single artifact. You also need
ATK sands
,
Hydro DMG Bonus Goblet
, and
CRIT mask
so try and farm for the best ones.
Genshin Impact Ayato Best Weapon:
In terms of weapons, here’s a list of all the weapons that would work great with Ayato.
5-star weapons:
Haran Geppaku Futsu-
Ayato’s Signature weapon. It will appear on the weapon banner in phase 1. This sword gives an Elemental DMG boost as well as a Normal Attack bonus, and it has a Crit Rate sub-stat.
Primordial Jade Cutter-
HP has increased by 20%. Additionally, based on 1.2% of the wielder’s maximum HP, delivers an ATK Bonus.
Mistsplitter Reforged-
For all elements, it adds a 12% Elemental DMG bonus. Each of the following conditions will yield one stack of the Mistsplitter’s Emblem, giving an 8% Elemental DMG for the equipped character’s Element with one stack, 16% with two stacks, and 28% with three stacks.
4-star weapons:
The Black Sword-
Increase the amount of DMG inflicted by Normal and Charged Attacks by 20%. When Normal and Charged Attacks score a CRIT Hit, 60% of ATK is regenerated as HP. This impact can happen every 5 seconds.
Lion’s Roar-
Increases DMG by 20% against opponents afflicted by Pyro or Electro.
Genshin Impact Ayato Best Team Composition:
For DPS Ayato build, it’s best to have a
Pyro DPS
in your team. Creating vaporize effects will grant you a lot of damage.
Bennett
will also be a great addition to a team for healing, ATK buff, and pyro resonance for the team. Another great support for the team will be
Yunjin
, to increase the ATK and ATK SPD.
For a freeze composition team,
Ayaka
or
Kaeya
would make a great addition to the team. You can also deploy
Beidou
or
Fischl
for the Electro-charge reaction based team.
Genshin Impact Ayato’s Abilities and Skills:
These are all of Ayato’s Normal Attack, Elemental Skill, and Elemental Burst.
Normal Attack: Kamisato Art – Marobashi
Perform up to 5 quick strikes. The charged attack propels Ayato forward, slashing him repeatedly.
Elemental Skill: Kamisato Art – Kyouka
Ayato’s Skill makes him go into a Takimeguri Kanka state which causes a Hydro Shadow to explode in front of him, doing Hydro Damage. Ayato’s posture will shift after he uses his talent, and his normal strikes will become a sequence of slashes that deal tremendous AOE Hydro Damage.
When Ayato departs the field, Takimeguri Kanka will be cleared. While in this condition, using Kamisato Art: Kyouka again will reset and replace the previous one.
Elemental Burst: Kamisato Art – Suiyuu
Bloomwater Blades will continue to rain down and hit opponents within its AoE while this area is active, dealing Hydro DMG and enhancing the Normal Attack DMG of characters within. In simpler words, just like Ganyu’s Elemental Burst, a circle of rain appears on the battlefield, just hydro instead of cryo.
Genshin Impact Ayato’s Passive Talents:
Daily Cooking-
Ayato has a fixed probability of receiving an additional suspicious dish of the same sort when he cooks a dish flawlessly.
Mine Wo Matoishi Kiyotaki-
Ayato will receive a certain number of Namisen stacks when he utilizes his Elemental Skill and the Water illusion explodes.
Michiyuku Hagetsu-
If Ayato is not on the field and his energy level is low, he will replenish a specified quantity of energy at set intervals.
Genshin Impact Ayato’s Constellation:
Kyouka Fuushi-
Shunsuiken DMG is enhanced by 30% against opponents with less than 50% HP.
World Source-
The maximum stack count for Wave Flash has been increased to 5. Kamisato Ayato’s Max HP is enhanced by 50% when he has at least three Wave Flash stacks.
Gensui Ichiro-
Increases Kamisato Art: Suiyuu’s level by 3. The maximum level of upgrade is 15.
Endless Flow-
All nearby party members, excluding Kamisato Ayato, deal 20% enhanced Normal Attack DMG for 10 seconds after using Kamisato Art: Suiyuu.
To Admire the Flowers-
Increases Kamisato Art: Kyouka’s level by three. The maximum level of upgrade is 15.
Boundless Origin-
When Ayato’s next Shunsuiken attack hits an opponent after using Kamisato Art: Kyouka, two more Shunsuiken strikes are created, each dealing 300% of Ayato’s ATK as DMG.
Ending Note:
Building any character takes a lot of effort (and resins).
Ayato’s character demo
dropped yesterday so make sure to check it out. We hope that Ayato comes to you as soon as possible and this guide was helpful for you. While farming, always remember to have fun, so
Happy Gaming!
Also Read:
Ayato Ascension Materials – Genshin Impact