Genshin Impact Ayato Build Guide: Best Talents, Gears, And Team Comps (2023)
Muhammad Kumar
-
Dec 30, 2022
|
Mobile Games
Ayato is going to get a rerun on December 27, 2022. Here is everything you need to know to build an effective team for him in Genshin Impact 2023.
Who Is The Strongest Archon In Genshin Impact?
Top 8 Most Versatile Artifact Sets In Genshin Impact 2023
Genshin Impact 3.3: Redhorn Stonethresher Complete Guide
Kamisato Ayato is a 5-star Hydro character with a unique combination of quick on-field damage burst and off-field Hydro application. His intriguing kit, combined with the powerful enabling abilities of Hydro, makes for a fun and flexible unit that slots nicely into most of the teams that other Hydro characters do, and then some more.
In this article, Gurugamer is going to showcase a complete guide for Genshin Impact Ayato Build, including his talents, gears and team comps.
Kamisato Ayato
1. Ayato Character Overview
Pros
Cons
Strong damage output in both multi-target and single-target
Easily accessible AoE damage
Requires a relatively low skill floor to play
Wide variety of team compositions
Flexible, Resin-efficient artifact options
Excels at providing consistent, sustained damage
Provides valuable off-field Hydro application amplified by his on-field presence, allowing him to enable teammates
Not reliant on Constellations to perform well
F2P weapon options perform significantly worse than expensive options
Other Hydro units can often fulfill the same role, sometimes performing better at it
Many of his best teams use the same few specific, contested characters
Lack of frontloaded damage without Constellations
Typically requires at least 6 consecutive seconds of field time
His Burst has one of the longest animation times of a 5* character
2. Ayato Best Playstyles
On-field DPS
Much like the name implies, an on-field DPS Ayato spends an extended duration of time on field, using two Skills per Burst. In this playstyle, Ayato’s primary source of damage are his Shunsuiken attacks (the converted Normal Attacks in his Takimeguri Kanka state after casting his Skill).
Talent Priority: Skill > Burst > NA
Pros
Cons
Typically higher damage potential than his Burst DPS teams
Lower ER requirements for Ayato
Utilizes Ayato’s kit best
Longer rotations (at least 24s because of his 12s Skill cooldown)
Cannot easily switch between characters while Ayato is in his Takimeguri Kanka state
Burst DPS
As a Burst DPS, Ayato forgoes one Skill per Burst in order to occupy less field-time, instead choosing to capitalize on the AoE off-field Hydro application of his Burst.
Talent Priority: Burst > Skill > NA
Pros
Cons
Leaves room for other characters in the team to deal more on-field damage
Shorter rotations
Requires more ER on himself to Burst as he only uses one Skill per rotation
Other Hydro characters are often better suited for this role
3. Genshin Impact Ayato Talent Analysis
Normal Attacks
Ayato’s Normal Attacks are a fairly standard set of Sword Normal Attacks. They are unimpressive at best and can be neglected.
The Shunsuiken slashes (converted Normal Attacks) from after casting his Skill do not scale off of Ayato’s Normal Attack Talent level.
Skill
Dash, leaving a clone that deals Hydro damage to enemies in the radius. Enter the Takimeguri Kanka state, in which his Normal Attacks will be converted to rapid slashes of his Shunsuiken, dealing Hydro damage. Also gain max HP-scaling Namisen stacks with each hit (max 4 at C0 and 5 at C2).
Ayato's Skill
This is Ayato’s primary source of damage. His Shunsuiken attacks are noticeably able to hit multiple ungrouped enemies in AoE.
Something to note is that part of his Skill damage scaling off of HP means that he benefits less from ATK buffs than he would otherwise. This is especially true for on-field DPS Ayato, where typically only 1 out of 2 Skills will be ATK-buffed. As such, Ayato is less reliant on certain highly contested ATK buffers (namely Bennett) than characters who scale entirely off of ATK.
Burst
Ayato’s Burst summons an AoE in which enemies standing in the AoE will be targeted by droplets dealing Hydro damage for 18 seconds. The droplets are summoned in waves, with a maximum of 4 per wave, and a maximum total of 36 droplets. Additionally, characters within the radius of his Burst, including himself, will gain Normal Attack DMG Bonus.
Ayato's Burst
Overall this is a decent damaging skill that provides buffs to normal attacks DMG.
Passives
A1: Allow Ayato to gain max Namisen stacks immediately after casting skill.
A2: This Passive alleviates Ayato’s ER requirements by a nonnegligible amount: in realistic rotations, it can regenerate from 6 to 16 Flat Energy for himself. This Flat Energy is not affected by Energy Recharge.
4. Ayato Best Constellations
C1
Shunsuiken DMG is increased by 40% against opponents with 50% HP or less.
The effectiveness of this Constellation is highly dependent on content, making it overall unreliable and negligible.
C2
Namisen’s maximum stack count is increased to 5. When Kamisato Ayato has at least 3 Namisen stacks, his Max HP is increased by 50%.
A strong Constellation that increases his usual Namisen stack damage from 57 stacks to 69 (assuming 15 Shunsuiken attacks per Skill) and buffs said Namisen stack damage. A good stopping point for those seeking low Constellations on Ayato.
C3
Increases the Level of Kamisato Art: Kyouka by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
This Constellation is already a strong one based solely on the fact that it provides levels to his primary source of damage. However, the increase to the HP-based Namisen stack scaling means that this Constellation actually also improves his C2.
Overall, a great Constellation and another good stopping point for low Constellations.
C4
After using Kamisato Art: Suiyuu, all nearby party members will have 15% increased Normal Attack SPD for 15s.
This Constellation typically allows him to use 2 or 3 more Shunsuiken attacks per Skill. Overall, a solid damage increase.
C5
Increases the Level of Kamisato Art: Suiyuu by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Ayato’s Burst is not his primary source of damage, and therefore this Constellation is generally a lackluster one.
C6
After using Kamisato Art: Kyouka, Ayato’s next Shunsuiken attack will create 2 extra Shunsuiken strikes when they hit opponents, each one dealing 450% of Ayato’s ATK as DMG.
Both these Shunsuiken attacks will not be affected by Namisen.
A considerable DPS increase that allows Ayato to frontload his damage some amount.
5. Ayato Best Weapon & Artifacts
Ayato's best build
Weapon
Haran Geppaku Futsu R1: One of Ayato’s strongest weapon options, but with a far more niche passive that currently only works especially well with Ayato himself. While HGF with 4 Echoes is Ayato’s highest damage ceiling, it is not recommended to pull for HGF if players already own PJC or Mist.
Primordial Jade Cutter R1: Also one of Ayato’s strongest weapon options, with an unconditional and universal passive.
Best Alternatives
5-star: Mistsplitter Reforged R1
4-star: The Black Sword R5 > Lion Roar R5 (100% Passive Uptime) > Harbinger of Dawn R5 > The Black Sword R1 > Lion’s Roar R1 (100% Passive Uptime) > Cursed Blade R1 > Amenoma Kageuchi R5
Artifact
All these 3 sets are great for Ayato: 4x Echoes of an Offering, 4x Gladiator’s Finale, and 4x Heart of Depth. Players should just pick the ones with the better stats.
Any combination of 2 HoD/Shimenawa’s Reminiscence/Glad/Echoes/Vermillion Hereafter and 2 SR/Glad/Echoes/VH can be as strong as the 4-piece sets mentioned above given better substats while being easier to acquire.
Artifact Stats
Sands: ATK% or ER%
Goblet: Hydro DMG% Bonus
Circlet: CRIT Rate or CRIT DMG
Substats: ER until ER requirement is reached > CRIT Rate = CRIT DMG > ATK% > HP% > Flat ATK > Flat HP
6. Genshin Impact Ayato Team Comps
Being a Hydro character, Ayato can work in numerous team comps, from Vape, to Permafreeze, Bloom and Taser, based on what players have.
Ayato is surprisingly flexible.
Ayato Hyperbloom/Burgeon
Main DPS
Dendro
Hyperbloom/Burgeon Support
2nd Support
Ayato
Nahida/Dendro Traveler/Collei
Kuki Shinobu/Dori/Fischl/Thoma/Bennett/Xiangling
Yun Jin/Kazuha/Sucrose/Albedo
Ayato will act as the Main DPS for the team, dealing high damage with his skill and triggering various hydro reactions. Nahida will boost the Elemental Mastery of Ayato and enables Bloom to happen. Shinobu's main job is to trigger Hyperbloom and heal. Yun Jin will increase Normal Attack DMG and ATK SPD (If c6) of Ayato.
Players can run 2x Hyperbloom/Burgeon support characters if they don't have Yun Jin. EM supports like Kazuha/Sucrose/Albedo also work.
Ayato Vaporize
Main DPS
Pyro
2nd Pyro
Flex
Ayato
Thoma/Bennett/Xiangling
Thoma/Bennett/Xiangling
Yun Jin/Xingqiu/Yelan/EM supports
This team is pretty simple - just run Ayato with 2x Pyro and watch him deal damage with vaporize. The last slot could be anything - players can run Yun Jin for normal attack boost or a Hydro character for resonance.
Ayato Electro-Charged
Main DPS
Electro Sub-DPS
Electro Support
Flex
Ayato
Beidou/Yae Miko/Raiden Shogun
Fischl/Electro Traveler
Yun Jin/Xingqiu/Yelan/EM supports
A varied team, usually involving Ayato as the on-field DPS while an Electro character deals damage usually from off-field. This Electro off-field DPS oftentimes has high Energy costs that require the use of an Electro battery.
Ayato Perma-Freeze
Main DPS
Cryo Flex
Cryo Flex
Anemo Flex
Ayato
Ganyu/Ayaka
Rosaria/Kaeya/Shenhe/Diona
Kazuha/Venti/Sucrose...etc
While Freeze teams where Ayato acts as the on-field DPS are incredibly comfortable to play and arguably utilize his wide AoE and quadratic scaling the best by locking grouped enemies into place, they are rarely his most damaging choice of teams. Ayato is best providing off-field AoE Hydro application in freeze comps.
Ayato Pure Hydro/Hyper
Main DPS
NA support
Hydro Flex
Flex
Ayato
Yun Jin C6
Xingqiu/Yelan
Zhongli/Anemo Flex
This team focuses on boosting Ayato's damage with every other member of the team. Yun Jin C6 is the best support for Ayato main DPS while Xingqiu provides Hydro resonance and Hydro RES Shred. Players can add Zhongli for Geo resonance and another universal 20% RES Shred. An anemo character swirling Hydro with Venerer for RES Shred is also an option.
>>> Read more:
Genshin Impact 3.4 Yaoyao: Talents, Constellations, Ascension Materials Revealed
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
#Genshin Impact Guide
#Genshin Impact 3.3
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025