Genshin Impact: Best Teams For Kamisato Ayato
Genshin Impact's Kamisato Ayato uses his Elemental Skill to defeat a Nobushi: Jintouban opponent.
By
Suki Newell
Updated
Oct 15, 2022, 10:30 AM EDT
Suki Newell is a game features writer for Screen Rant and live streamer on Twitch. She resides in Upstate New York with her husband and two rescue dogs.
Sign in to your
ScreenRant
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Best Team Composition For Kamisato Ayato
Best F2P Team Composition For Kamisato Ayato
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Kamisato Ayato’s main strength relies on his Elemental Skill in
Genshin Impact
, which leaves players with many options for building a team around him. The
elder brother of Kamisato Ayaka
and head of the Kamisato Clan, Ayato is a Hydro character that wields a sword, just like
Genshin Impact
’s Xingqiu. Ayato’s arrival in
Genshin Impact
has been one of the most anticipated in the game’s history. Ayato’s Elemental Burst can cause Hydro rain on the field, and due to the nature of his ability, he works best in the role of main DPS.
After Ayato’s release, players knew the ultimate pairing to use with Ayato: his sister and Cryo user, Kamisato Ayaka. Aside from the obvious symmetry of Ayato’s Hydro with Ayaka’s Cryo, the two siblings' abilities were designed to work in harmony.
Genshin Impact
's Ayaka
is one of the strongest Cryo DPS in the game and can be used to freeze enemies in place when combined with Ayato’s Elemental Burst. Additionally, players can round off the team to add a second Cryo or Hydro user for elemental resonance, plus another Support or Healer.
Related:
Genshin Impact: Best Team Comps For Cyno
If players don't have Ayaka or a similar Cryo DPS like Ganyu, they can opt for a non-freezing team that uses Ayato's Hydro abilities to trigger elemental reactions. Ayato's Hydro can be used well alongside Pyro or Electro to trigger Vaporize and Electro-Charged elemental reactions.
Genshin Impact
has several free Pyro characters, like Outrider Amber and
Liyue's best chef Xiangling
, that even new players will be able to obtain without spending money.
Best Team Composition For Kamisato Ayato
Kamisato Ayato will likely act as the Main DPS for any team he’s in, and there are several good options for teams using Ayato in the Main DPS role:
Team One: Ayato (Hydro DPS), Yoimiya/Hu Tao (Pyro DPS used for Vaporize), Zhongli (Geo Shield/Support), Yun Jin (Geo Support used for resonance).
Yoimiya and Hu Tao can be used interchangeably depending on which characters the player owns.
Team Two: Ayato (Hydro DPS), Ayaka (Cryo DPS), Kazuha (Support), Kokomi (Hydro Support/Healer used for resonance).
This team sees the Kamisato siblings fight side by side. Ayaka, one of
Genshin Impact
's Cryo characters
, freezes enemies affected by Hydro, thanks to Ayato.
Best F2P Team Composition For Kamisato Ayato
Main DPS: Ayato
Sub DPS: Xiangling
Sub DPS: Kaeya
Support: Noelle
The best team composition for Kamisato Ayato in
Genshin impact
relies heavily on capitalizing on chaining Reactions. As such, players who are looking to build a F2P team around Ayato would want to take full advantage of that. Kaeya and Xiangling’s Bursts often last long, which is the perfect situation to switch to Ayato and use his skill. Noelle is a better fit in the support role in this team composition as it allows players to be a bit more aggressive.
Noelle's best build in
Genshin Impact
is effective at creating Shields that heal the party and absorbs 400% of damage equal to her defense.
Ayato is a powerful Hydro DPS who can be used effectively alongside Pyro or Electro to trigger Vaporize and Electro-Charged elemental reactions, dealing devastating damage. Ayato is arguably most effective when used alongside his younger sister, Kamisato Ayaka, a powerful Cryo DPS who can freeze enemies in place.
5-star Hydro user Kamisato Ayato
is an exciting addition to
Genshin Impact
and a fantastic Main DPS choice for any team composition.
Next:
Genshin Impact: Kamisato Ayato Constellation Guide
Gaming
Game Guides
PC Games
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Trending Now
Hazbin Hotel Spinoff Officially Sets Release Window With Split Season 3
From Taxi Driver To Heat, This 59-Year-Old Movie Inspired Your Favorite Crime Thrillers
Reacher’s Neagley Spinoff Is Confusing After Its Confirmed 2026 Return