Kamisato Ayato is a 5-star Hydro character in Genshin Impact that was released in March 2022. He is also referred to as Head of the Kamisato Clan. The name of the banner associated with Ayato’s release is Azure Excursion. This is an event banner and thus Kamisato Ayato can be obtained only when this banner is active. In this post, you will learn how to build the Genshin Impact Ayato team from the characters that you own. In addition, you will see the most popular builds for Ayato.
Before we start note that this post is not a build guide for Ayato and doesn’t contain all information about him. You can expect only Ayato team comps focus. That will help you understand how to make a good team for Genshin Impact Ayato even with the characters that you have. Of course, we include Genshin free-to-play comps for Ayato as well. If you need more information you can read the guide by the link below.
Genshin Impact Kamisato Ayato Build and Best Team Comp
Also, we have other useful guides about all Genshin Impact characters that you might find interesting and useful. You can see the link below.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
Genshin Impact Characters Tier List
Ayato Talents
What is the most important when you make a team comp in Genshin Impact is to remember that your characters must work together. Their talents need to assist each other and only via reactions. Some characters have talents that will change the whole impression about them when you see their talents.
Like any other character, Kamisato Ayato has two types of talents – active and passive. The whole description of Ayato’s skills (talents)
you can read via the link
. In this post, we focus on the basic strategies and will explain what Ayato talents are worth paying attention to. Let’s start with talent priority for Ayato.
Talent Priority for Ayato
Kamisato Art: Kyouka
>
Kamisato Art: Suiyuu
>
Kamisato Art: Marobashi
Kamisato Art: Kyouka
is Ayato’s Elemental Skill
. It deals Hydro AoE damage and slightly controls enemies due to light knockback. While active Ayato makes very fast auto attacks that deal high hydro damage. Also, he leaves a copy of himself that explodes when you hit it or after some period of time and deals extra AoE hydro damage. In combination with Kamisato Art: Suiyuu (elemental burst) Ayato deals even more damage. If you have at least 4 pieces of Echoes of an Offering artefact set, you can perform Kamisato Art: Kyouka two times during the Elemental Burst. In the combination with Fischl’s elemental skill or burst, you will deal decent damage even on a low level.
Kamisato Art: Suiyuu
is Ayato’s Elemental Burst
. Unveils a garden of purity that silences the cacophony within. While this space exists, Bloomwater Blades will constantly rain down and attack opponents within its AoE, dealing Hydro DMG and increasing the Normal Attack DMG of characters within. Activate it before you activate the Elemental skill, after that place some source of elemental reaction for hydro, for example, Fischl’s skill or Xiangling’s skill, after that swap to Ayato, activate his elemental skill and deal tons of damage.
Kamisato Art: Marobashi
is
Ayato
‘s Normal Attack
. It is a simple 5 move set combination of a short sword fight. It is useless if you use it without Kamisato Art: Suiyuu. Only under the effects of Elemental Burst Ayato’s normal attack deals damage. Or if you get the Haran Geppaku Futsu sword. In that case, a normal attack will deal much damage.
Ayato Ascension Passives
The other important thing is to know how exactly character ascension enhances them and what advantages you can get out of it for your team-building strategy. We what to attract your attention to the following Ayato Ascension Passives.
Kamisato Art: Mine Wo Matoishi Kiyotaki
1st Ascension Passive
Kamisato Art: Kyouka has the following properties:
After it is used, Kamisato Ayato will gain 2 Namisen stacks.
When the water illusion explodes, Ayato will gain a Namisen effect equal to the maximum number of stacks possible.
It is a very good boost for your damage.
Kamisato Art: Michiyuku Hagetsu
4th Ascension Passive
If Kamisato Ayato is not on the field and his Energy is less than 40, he will regenerate 2 Energy for himself every second.
This is a great help for his recharge. This means that you can deal even more damage and faster activate a new round of Kamisato Art: Kyouka.
Depending on what we have written above we will continue with character combinations that will suit Genshin Impact Venti team the most.
As for the constellations
. Kamisato Ayato has a great set of Constellations. Each new level opens great potential for this character. It is great if you can get C6, but C1 also brings strong improvement. Although, you can stop on C3 if you see that you cannot get C6. As C4-5 are not very important if you can’t reach C6. This judgment is pretty obvious and you can
read all Ayato Constellations here
to understand why.
Genshin Impact Ayato Team Comp Options
There are several roles that all characters obtain in Genshin Impact. Your perfect team would consist of the Main DPS, 2 SUB-DPS characters and one Support. Main DPS is occupied by a character that can deal a decent amount of damage from all sources, auto attacks, elemental reactions and elemental bursts. Sub DPSs are needed to activate reactions that boost the main DPS’ damage or deal some extra damage while the main DPS is sticking their elemental burst. Support can vary typically it is a healer/shielder, but in some cases, it can be a battery (the character that stacks elemental burst for the team) or a spreader (the character that can spread reactions activated by all the characters).
Kamisato Ayato is a classical main DPS character. There are many builds that can show the whole potential of Kamisato Ayato but we will show only some of them. You can follow the logic and change characters in the teams depending on what character you obtain. Also, you will see f2a Ayato team and find a link to another post where we explain what other characters match Kamisato Ayato and why.
Genshin Impact FREE TO PLAY Ayato team
Ayato will perform as main DPS of course and will be active almost most of the time. You need Barabara for heal and passive boot to Ayato hydro damage (if C2). Xiangling and Lisa will be two sub DPS characters that activate reactions while Ayato’s elemental burst is active. You can activate Xiangling’s elemental skill as well. Lias is needed only when her elemental burst is ready.
The BEST Ayato team
The freeze comp fits Ayato the most, in such combination he can unlock its full potential as Main DPS. Ganyu will be a Sub-DPS to spread Cryo with her kit, while Ayato will freeze the enemies with Hydro attacks. Venti will activate Swirl reaction, group enemies, and get the enemies together. Diona is good support for this team due to Cryo resonance in addition to healing and shield.
Other options to comp with Ayato
Below you can see some other options to play with Kamasato Ayato, but these are not teams as such.
Any Electro character that can apply electro effect when is not active is a great combination for Ayato. The same thing is about any other character who can leave a zone that activates reactions, like Bennett or Rosaria. Yun Jin on C6 can boost damage until then she is not a good match.
Top Genshin Impact Characters to Play with Kamisato Ayato
How to make a personal Genshin Impact Ayato team?
If none of the listed above you don’t like or you don’t have some characters mentioned in Ayato teams you can really on the following tips. They will help you understand the main approach when you make a comp to play with Kamisato Ayato.
Ayato is the main DPS that can be active on the field almost all the time as his elemental skill recharges really fast. So need to take a sub-DPS who can leave a field or a totem that can deal apply elements like Electro, Pyro or Cryo to activate elemental reactions with Hydro and deal even more damage.
Kamisato Ayato is one of those Genshin Impact Characters who becomes much stronger with every constellation. But it doesn’t mean that he is useless without them. But try to get C1-3 at least if you can get C6.
If you want to make Ayato effective you need to take a good healer, who can heal off-field or can shield Ayato. Diona is one of the best options – she can heal, she applies Cryo and she shields.
In general, Ayato can be combined with any sub-DPS.
Keeping these tips in mind you will definitely find your way to play Ayato. And don’t forget to share it with us!
Mariia R.
Since early childhood, I was fond of gaming. I played Doom 2, Red Alert 2 and, of course, The Sims. I grew up but my passion didn’t go away. So now I am writing about the stuff I love the most: video games!
Follow my
YouTube
and
Twitch
of course
Post Views:
8,409
Please share it with your friends
Tags:
Genshin Impact
Post navigation
Previous
Diablo 3 Legacy of Dreams Energy Twister Wizard Build
Next
Top Genshin Impact Characters to Play with Kamisato Ayato