Top 10 Best Teammates For Ayato In Genshin Impact (2023)
Muhammad Kumar
-
Jan 16, 2023
|
Mobile Games
Ayato excels at providing consistent, sustained damage, especially against multiple foes. Here are the best teammates for him in 2023.
Genshin Impact Poise Damage - Important Interruption Resistance Attribute
Genshin Impact 3.4 Light of Foliar Incision: Ascension Materials And Best Users
Top 10 Best Teammates For Rosaria In Genshin Impact (2023)
Kamisato Ayato is a 5* Hydro character who—through his unique combination of off-field Hydro application and quick bursts of on-field damage—has brought a delightfully new experience to the ever-growing roster of Hydro units.
In this article, Gurugamer is going to showcase the top 10 best teammates for Ayato in Genshin Impact 2023.
1. Yun Jin
Yun Jin is unlike traditional buffers who directly buff a character’s damage by increasing the stats of said character or reducing the enemies’ stats in some way; rather, her Burst provides Flat Bonus DMG when characters use Normal Attacks.
Yun Jin is a niche unit who buffs normal attack characters like Ayato.
Since Ayato builds for his Shunsuiken attacks (which count as Normal Attacks), Yun Jin seems to be a logical choice for his teams. However, in most teams, other characters who provide their own personal damage and other utilities tend to be a superior choice over Yun Jin.
She is, however, one of the best choices to maximize the damage that Ayato himself deals, and therefore slots nicely into a team such as this which aims to do exactly that.
2. Bennett
Being one of the universal support character in Genshin, it is not a surprise that Bennett can pair up with Ayato pretty well. He provides a massive ATK buff through his Burst and 4 NO that Ayato’s Burst can snapshot, as well as healing.
3. Fischl
Fischl provides significant single-target damage, strong off-field Electro application, and a non-negligible amount of Particles, all while occupying very little field time, allowing Ayato to perform 2 Skills per rotation.
A well built Fischl can deal a lot of damage to supplement Ayato and trigger Electro-Charged.
All this makes Fischl one of Ayato’s best teammates, something that will be seen through her appearance in almost all of his comps.
4. Raiden Shogun
Running Raiden in this team shifts the focus away from Ayato and onto Raiden; Ayato acts as a Burst DPS, casting only 1 Skill per rotation and instead primarily providing off-field Hydro application and damage through his Burst.
Because both Ayato and Raiden desire field time, rotation time will be extended; partially because of this, the two are often better off on separate teams, running characters who perform similar roles but occupy less field time.
5. Beidou
Through her Burst, Beidou provides significant AoE damage as well as some defensive utility through her damage reduction and C1 shield.
Beidou is fairly similar to Fischl in Ayato teams.
Beidou slots nicely into Ayato teams, as Ayato’s Shunsuiken attacks are considered Normal Attacks and therefore can trigger procs of Beidou’s Burst. Furthermore, Ayato only occupying a relatively brief duration of time on-field during his Takimegura Kanki state means there is some amount of flexibility for Beidou to enter the field for Skills and counters.
6. Zhongli
Zhongli provides a universal 20% RES shred, as well as a hefty shield, useful for eliminating the need to dodge and thus allowing Ayato to maximize the number of Shunsuiken attacks.
7. Kazuha
Kazuha is the ideal Anemo for Ayato teams: he can consistently absorb Pyro through Bennett’s Pyro self-aura application to trigger Overloads, and has strong grouping and built-in buffs.
Kazuha can swirl Hydro and reduce enemies' Res with the VV set.
When playing him, ensure that Pyro has been applied to him by looking at the icons right above the health bar before casting his Burst, to make sure that he absorbs Pyro.
8. Xingqiu
With Sacrificial Sword, Xingqiu can provide a significant amount of Hydro Particles for himself and Ayato. He also brings his own personal damage to the table, as well as Hydro RES shred with C2.
However, a fair amount of Ayato’s value is tied to his ability to free up another Hydro character such as Xingqiu for another team, and so running them together may not be the most efficient pairing.
9. Yelan
Yelan, too, can provide a significant amount of Particles via her Skill and Favonius Warbow. And while Yelan lacks the defensive utility that Xingqiu has in his Interruption Resistance and pseudo-healing, she can in turn provide a ramping DMG% buff for Ayato.
Yelan's passive allow Ayato to deal a lot more damage.
Similar to Xingqiu, running Yelan and Ayato may not be the most efficient usage of characters.
10. Albedo
Albedo enters the field once per rotation to cast his Skill and then provides off-field damage through it for the rest of the time, plain and simple. He pairs nicely with either Yun Jin or Zhongli for Geo Resonance.
He works similarly to Fischl in Ayato teams, entering the field to drop a turret before promptly exiting. In teams with Xiangling, he has lower Particle generation and worsening Vaporize rates rather than improving them (around 3 out of 12 Pyronado hits Vaporize).
Despite that, he can still be a viable option for players who have already built him, do not have a spare Fischl, and are seeking a simple to play 4th slot.
>>> Read more:
Genshin Impact 3.4 Light of Foliar Incision: Ascension Materials And Best Users
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
#Genshin Impact Guide
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025