Walkthroughs
Genshin Impact Ningguang Guide - best build, strengths and weaknesses
All you need to know about Ningguang
By
Bryan Taylor
|
Aug 31, 2021
iOS
+
Android
|
Genshin Impact
Prefer Pocket Gamer on Google
X
Facebook
Reddit
Welcome to Pocket Gamer's detailed
Genshin Impact Ningguang guide
! Ningguang is the Tianguan of the Liyue Qixing and is as wealthy as she is beautiful. She resides in the floating Jade Chamber high above Liyue. Ningguang is a businesswoman and will do whatever it takes to accumulate more wealth.
Don’t let her serious demeanour fool you, as she means well, and will go out of her way to care for the residents of Liyue. In the
Ningguang guide
below you will find the following features:
General Info & how to get Ningguang
Strengths & Weaknesses
Best Build (Artifacts & Weapons
)
Best Party Members for Ningguang
Talents / Skills / Passive
Talent Leveling Materials
Constellations
Ascensions costs
Ningguang Wishes / Availability
Character Appearance
Ningguang Element / Tier / Rarity / Weapon
Geo / A Tier / 4* Rarity / Catalyst
In Genshin Impact, Ningguang uses her Geo powers to provide a shield to help protect her in dire situations. She is good not only at ranged fighting but can use her shield to move in close and do serious Geo damage.
How to get Ningguang
You can obtain Ningguang in the permanent banner, Wanderlust Invocation.
Genshin Impact Ningguang Combat Info (Strengths and Weaknesses)
Strengths
Can be great as a ranged fighter
Ningguang’s shield offers protection against any ranged attacks
Weaknesses
A bit slower than others
Her Normal attack isn’t good for groups of enemies
Here are
some
Genshin Impact codes
as a thank you for reading this!
Best Build for Ningguang in Genshin Impact
Ningguang can be a great DPS if you equip her with the right gear. Go with the Memory of Dust weapon to increase her shield strength and ATK power when she attacks, even more so when the shield is active. Pair her with the Gladiator’s Finale and Archaic Petra to boost her ATK and Geo damage even more.
Ningguang - Best Artifacts and Weapons
Gladiator’s Finale
ATK% / Geo DMG / CRIT DMG
Set Bonuses:
(2) ATK + 18%
How to Obtain:
Farming Anemo, Electro, and Geo Hypostases. Also, Andrius, Dvalin, and the Pyro and Cryo Regisvines.
Archaic Petra
ATK% / Geo DMG / CRIT DMG
Set Bonuses:
(2) Gain a 15% Geo DMG Bonus
How to Obtain:
Guyun Domain reward
Memory of Dust
Base Attack:
48
Rating:
5*
Bonus Effect:
ATK 10.8%
Skill: Golden Majesty
Increases Shield Strength by 20%. Scoring hits on opponents increases ATK by 4% for 8s. Max 5 stacks. Can only occur once every 0.3s. While protected by a shield, this ATK increase effect is increased by 100%
How to Obtain:
Gacha
Best Party Members to match Ningguang with in Genshin Impact
Premium (Gacha) Team
In Genshin Impact, Ningguang is a pretty good DPS that can bolster damage with her shield from any distance. To get the most out of her, it’s wise to focus on her charged attacks. Use Zhongli to bring another shield into the fray, and also boost Geo Resonance. Xingqiu can help back up Ningguang with his Elemental attacks, as Ningguang mostly focuses on non-elemental attacks.
Bennett
is a great team member to heal Ningguang and boost her damage output.
F2P Team
Ningguang will be the DPS here, and
Amber
can offer an opportunity to keep enemies at a distance with her decoy skill.
Barbara
is a great choice for healing here, and Noelle can not only offer more shields but can help charge up Ningguang’s abilities with her additional energy.
Talents / Skills / Passive
Sparkling Scatter - Normal Attack
Normal Attack:
Shoots gems that deal Geo DMG. Upon hit, this grants Ningguang 1 Star Jade.
Charged Attack:
Consumes a certain amount of Stamina to fire off a giant gem that deals Geo DMG.
If Ningguang has any Star Jades, unleashing a Charged Attack will cause the Star Jades to be fired at the enemy as well, dealing additional DMG.
Plunging Attack:
Gathering the might of Geo, Ningguang plunges towards the ground from mid-air, damaging all enemies in her path. Deals AoE Geo DMG upon impact with the ground.
Skill Attributes:
1-Hit DMG
28%
Charged Attack DMG
- 174%
DMG per Star Jade
- 49.6%
Charged Attack Stamina Cost
- 50
Plunge DMG
- 56.8%
Low/High Plunge DMG
- 114%/142%
Jade Screen - Elemental Skill
Ningguang creates a Jade Screen out of gold, obsidian, and her great opulence, dealing AoE Geo DMG.
Jade Screen
Blocks enemy projectiles
Endurance scales based on Ningguang's Max HP
Jade Screen is considered a Geo Construct and can be used to block certain attacks, but cannot be climbed. Only one Jade Screen may exist at any one time.
Inherited HP
- 50.1%
Skill DMG
- 230%
CD
12s
Starshatter - Elemental Burst
Gathering a great number of gems, Ningguang scatters them all at once, sending homing projectiles at her enemies that deal massive Geo DMG. If Starshatter is cast when a Jade Screen is nearby, the Jade Screen will fire additional gem projectiles at the same time.
Skill Attributes
DMG Per Gem
- 87%
CD
- 12.0s
Energy Cost
- 40
Backup Plan - 1st Ascension Passive
When Ningguang is in possession of Star Jades, her Charged Attack does not consume Stamina.
Strategic Reserve - 4th Ascension Passive
A character that passes through the Jade Screen will gain a 12% Geo DMG Bonus for 10s.
Trove of Marvelous Treasures - Unlocked Automatically
Displays the location of nearby ore veins (Iron Ore, White Iron Ore, Crystal Ore, Magical Crystal Ore, and Starsilver) on the mini-map.
Talent Leveling Materials
Gained from Enemy Drops (Fatui):
Recruit's Insignia
Sergeant's Insignia
Lieutenant's Insignia
Acquired from Domains (Monday/Thursday/Sunday):
Teachings of Prosperity
Guide to Prosperity
Philosophies of Prosperity
Obtained after defeating Bosses (Lupus Boreas Challenge):
Spirit Locket of Boreas
Constellations
Piercing Fragments
When a Normal Attack hits, it deals AoE DMG.
Shock Effect
When Jade Screen is shattered, its CD will reset. Can occur every 6s.
Majesty be the Array of Stars
Increases the Level of Starshatter by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Exquisite be the Jade, Outshining All Beneath
Jade Screen increases nearby characters' Elemental RES by 10%.
Invincible be the Jade Screen
Increases the Level of Jade Screen by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Grandeur be the Seven Stars
When Starshatter is used, Ningguang gains 7 Star Jades.
Genshin Impact Ningguang Ascensions costs
Phase 1
Lv.20→Lv.40
Mora Cost: 20,000
Glaze Lily ×3
Prithiva Topaz Sliver ×1
Recruit's Insignia ×3
Phase 2
Lv.40→Lv.50
Glaze Lily ×10
Prithiva Topaz Fragment ×3
Recruit's Insignia ×15
Basalt Pillar ×2
Phase 3
Lv.50→Lv.60
Mora Cost: 60,000
Glaze Lily ×20
Prithiva Topaz Fragment ×6
Sergeant's Insignia ×12
Basalt Pillar ×4
Phase 4
Lv.60→Lv.70
Mora Cost: 80,000
Glaze Lily ×20
Prithiva Topaz Chunk ×3
Sergeant's Insignia ×18
Basalt Pillar ×8
Phase 5
Lv.70→Lv.80
Mora Cost: 100,000
Glaze Lily ×45
Prithiva Topaz Chunk ×6
Lieutenant's Insignia ×12
Basalt Pillar ×12
Phase 6 (MAX)
Lv.80→Lv.90
Mora Cost: 120,000
Glaze Lily ×60
Prithiva Topaz Gemstone ×6
Lieutenant's Insignia ×24
Basalt Pillar ×20
Base Stats
At Level 1, Ningguang starts with 821 HP, 18 ATK, and 48 DEF.
Wishes / Availability
Ningguang can be received at the regular rate in the Wanderlust Invocation Standard Wish, which is always available.
We also have a
Genshin Impact tier list
if you want to check how well Ningguang performs in comparison to other characters! Also, stay aware, soon enough we plan to make a Genshin Impact characters hub with all of the available characters and their detailed guides!
Bryan Taylor
Bryan has a passion for writing and has been gaming since the 80s. His favourite games include Super Metroid, Chrono Trigger, and Rez, and he joins us bringing his vast knowledge of games to the team.
Next Up :
Dicero beginner's guide - 5 tips for mastering the dice