Genshin Impact: Best Team Members For Ningguang
By
Amelia Summers
Published
Feb 3, 2022, 7:45 PM EST
Amelia Summers is a researcher based in Toronto, Canada. She works as a list writer for TheGamer.
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Genshin Impact's
character roster is massive, and no matter your playing style or the challenges you're facing in the game, there's a character for every strategy and every team. Often, the four-star character selection features powerful units bursting with potential and just waiting to be built optimally.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Ningguang Ascension And Talent Materials
Ningguang is one of the most powerful, capable four-star characters in Genshin. She's a hard-hitting Geo DPS with some unique skills that make her shine. You can easily build a viable team around her with a variety of characters. That said, here are the best team members for Ningguang.
9
Barbara
Regardless of how you end up building your team, chances are, you're going to need a character who is dedicated to support. That's where
Barbara
comes in. Not only is Barbara one of Genshin Impact's free characters, she's also one of the best support characters in the game.
Barbara can
easily provide healing
to Ningguang as well as another other team members you bring along. Her Elemental Skill provides gradual healing over time, and her Elemental Burst heals your entire party at once. She can also be used to spread Hydro, which may prove effective if you're bringing along another character of another element.
8
Noelle
Noelle is one of the characters you're sure to get in Genshin Impact, because she's on the beginner banner as a guaranteed character. Despite being free, Noelle is far from being a bad character, and can shine on the right team thanks to her multiple helpful capabilities. She can be built both as a support character or a Sub-DPS.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best Weapons For Noelle
Noelle's defense stat is one of her greatest strengths, meaning she won't go down without a fight. One of her talents creates a shield automatically once your active character's HP drops below a certain amount. Her Elemental Skill actually summons a shield at will. With her and Ningguang on your team, you'll also have Geo Elemental Resonance, so Noelle's shields will have increased durability, and your Geo damage with Ningguang will be increased.
7
Xingqiu
Xingqiu is a great choice if you're planning on
creating some other reactions
in your team. He provides support to your team particularly when he's not on the field, because his Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst stay active even when you switch him out with another character. If you equip him with a
Sacrificial Sword
, he can also generate massive amounts of Energy Particles for your team.
Xingqiu is also fantastic on the field, because his stats are solid and his defense is great. You can use him in conjunction with any Pyro, Cryo, or Electro character, depending on your team plans, to create powerful reactions that will destroy your enemies.
6
Bennett
One of your options for a team with Ningguang would be Bennett, who also shines thanks to his
multiple capabilities
. Bennett is a great Sub-DPS who can deal damage when you're letting Ningguang take a breather, but his Elemental Burst also lets him provide support when inactive.
Bennett's Elemental Burst creates a circular area on the ground that does multiple things. It heals the characters standing in it, and if they're already healed, then it provides them with an attack boost. This can be great with a heavy hitter like Ningguang, allowing you to increase your damage output.
5
Xiangling
Xiangling
is a great, free four-star character that you can acquire early in the game by completing a mission. On a team with Ningguang, she makes for a great Sub-DPS who can keep the heat on enemies while spreading Pyro for reactions.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best Weapons For Xiangling
If you decide to bring along two Pyro characters, such as Xiangling and Bennett for example, you can use Pyro Resonance's attack boost to increase Ningguang's damage. This can stack with Bennett's Elemental Burst too, meaning both Xiangling and Ningguang can hit their hardest.
4
Diona
Diona
is a great and very capable Cryo character who can
fulfill multiple roles
on your team. Not only can her Cryo elemental abilities help with creating reactions such as Melt and Freeze, but she also boasts an arsenal of support capabilities.
Diona can provide your party with both healing and shields. Her shields absorb damage and increase your shielded character's movement speed as a bonus, while her healing is self-explanatory. If you choose to bring two Cryo characters on your team, you can increase your critical rate, which will ultimately benefit your DPS, Ningguang.
3
Sucrose
Geo and Anemo are two very unique elements in Genshin Impact. While Ningguang is a Geo character, Sucrose is an Anemo
support character
, meaning she can offer unique, game-changing capabilities to your party.
Sucrose's abilities let you deal with large groups of enemies quickly. Her Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst create a vortex of wind that sucks in enemies and confines them to one area. At the same time, it also uses Anemo to amplify the active element and increase damage. With all your enemies gathered in one location, Ningguang's attacks can be more focused and deadly.
2
Beidou
Since
Ningguang
is such a solid DPS on her own, you're going to be seriously considering who to use as a Sub-DPS in her team. You might find yourself switching the team members around. If you're in the market for an Electro user as your Sub-DPS,
Beidou
is an excellent choice.
Beidou's Elemental Burst lets your active character deal Electro attacks, which can prove useful even when you switch her out with
another party member
. More reactions means more damage, after all.
1
Fischl
Another Electro Sub-DPS option is Fischl, one of the
most powerful characters
in the game thanks to her versatility.
Fischl
works similarly to Beidou in that she can provide off-field support with her Electro element.
The difference is that Fischl can do this much more frequently, as she uses her Elemental Skill to summon her raven Oz to deal Electro damage. The cooldown time for this skill is very short: about one second. You can keep switching between Fischl, Ningguang, and another element if you like, to keep an offensive rotation.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: Best Weapons For Shenhe
Lists
Live-Service Games
Triple-A Games
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
26.3%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
19.8%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.1%
007 First Light
007 First Light
9.2%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.6%
Other
Other
21.1%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
GOG Preservation Program Expands With Several SaGa Games
American McGee Claims id Software "Scowled" At Him After Saying "Wow" To Half-Life Sizzle
Mass Effect 5 Project Director Says Team Hasn't Shown Off The Game Because They're Busy