Task Search
Checklists
Guides
Markers
Videos
Sort and Filter
No Results
Checklists
New Checklist
All Lists
My Checklists
All
All Lists
My Checklists
How creative can you get with your first free checklist?
Create a free account
All Interactive Maps and Locations
Genshin Impact Freminet Guide - Best Builds, Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
By
Cedric Pabriga
,
Jen Rothery
,
Triforce
,
+30 more
Updated
:
Sep 28, 2023 4:00pm UTC
Freminet is a 4-star Cryo Claymore character introduced at the beginning of the Fontaine storyline. While one may assume Freminet destroys enemies with Cryo damage, he is in fact one of the few characters designed with Physical damage in mind. This guide to the
best Genshin Impact Freminet build
will explain the best weapons, artifact sets, constellations, and team compositions for Freminet.
Freminet
Rarity:
★★★★
Element:
Cryo
Weapon:
Claymore
Table of Contents:
How to Get Freminet
Freminet Gameplay Overview
Freminet Talents and Attack Combos
Freminet Constellation Analysis
Freminet's Best Weapons
Freminet's Best Artifacts
Freminet's Best Teams
How to Get Freminet in Genshin Impact
Freminet was made available on the 4.0 limited banners as one of the available 4-stars. After 4.0, Freminet will be available on any banner, and will have recurring rate-ups on 5-star banners.
Genshin Freminet Gameplay Overview
Element:
Cryo
Weapon:
Claymore
Rarity:
4-star
Freminet is the first DPS since Eula to specialize in maximizing Physical damage. As a Cryo-element unit, his element makes one half of the Superconduct reaction, which reduces affected enemies’ Physical resistance by 40%. However, Physical damage has been mostly neglected by current combat design, being considered the weakest of the elements. This issue becomes more apparent the more the game creates enemies with elemental shields or enemies that require specific reactions to make the fight easier.
Freminet could be used as a Cryo DPS, but the damage, even with Melt reactions, is unimpressive. He can be used as a Cryo battery to generate lots of energy for a stronger Cryo DPS, but this still requires lots of field time for Freminet, which may leave no room for a powerful Cryo DPS to exploit. Even further, Kaeya is given for free at the beginning of the game and is usually better at all of these Cryo-based team roles. This guide will instead focus on Freminet as a physical damage dealer. He will be taking about half of the team’s field time when you play him in this role.
The new Claymore-wielder also benefits from the Shatter reaction, which deals physical damage when a frozen enemy is his with a blunt attack (like from a Claymore user). Shatter damage is calculated with the Elemental Mastery stat, but building for Elemental Mastery is not recommended. Instead, Shatter should be considered as free extra damage for his Physical DPS build.
That said, it’s hard to recommend Freminet as your main DPS with Spiral Abyss, and he doesn’t have much support potential; you’ll likely need to support him with powerful off-field DPS’s in elements he synergizes with in order to maximize his use. He’s not impossible to use in Spiral Abyss, but it might be an uphill battle requiring characters with high investment.
Stats Worth Consideration
Energy Recharge: 150% if two Cryo units, 170% if one. Can be lower depending on team composition and number of characters equipped with Favonius weapons.
CRIT: a 1;2 ratio of Rate;Damage. 75/150 is ideal. 60/120 should be bare minimum.
Physical DMG%
ATK%
Genshin Freminet Talents and Attack Combos
Your talent-levelling priority should be Skill > Normal Attacks > Burst.
Freminet’s Normal Attack talents are fairly standard. However, Freminet will be using them a lot in order to help spam his Skill. As such, you’ll want to level this talent all the way, but it’s not your main priority.
The Skill is Freminet’s bread-and-butter. After using his Skill, he enters a play mode that will last for 10 seconds and accumulate stacks for each Normal Attack made by Freminet, up to four. Using the Skill again consumes all of the stacks deactivates this playstyle and deals a powerful mix of Cryo and Physical damage. At max stacks, the damage is purely Physical. Additionally, it applies Pneuma to enemies, which is a Fontaine-exclusive game mechanic that helps you solve puzzles and weaken enemies of the opposite alignment: Ousia. While this talent may seem unimpressive at first, aspects of Freminet’s kit reduce the cooldown of this talent significantly, allowing you to spam this across 10 seconds. You should level this talent first, and all the way as soon as possible.
Freminet's Burst enters a 10-second state called “Subnautical Hunter,” which increases his resistance to interruption and lowers his Skill’s cooldown by 70%. Additionally, each Normal Attack in Hunter mode generates two stacks instead of one. This is a massive improvement to his kit. However, these benefits don’t get better with talent levels. The only part that does increase with talent levels is the damage of the initial hit, which is not crucial to his success. Level this skill last.
Next, come his passives. His first ascension passive triggers reduces the cooldown of his Skill by one second when you unleash its damage without having max stacks. This talent isn’t particularly useful because you want max stacks most of the time anyways. In Cryo builds, you can spam zero-stack skills for Cryo damage and energy particles.
The fourth ascension passive massively rewards shatter compositions and incentivizes bringing a Hydro teammate. Whenever Freminet shatters an enemy, his Skill damage is increased by 40% for five seconds.
His exploration passive simply reduces stamina spent in underwater exploration by 35%
When it comes to field time, Freminet should Burst first, then activate his Skill mode, followed by two Normal Attacks and a second Skill press to maximize Physical damage. Remember, while his Burst is active, Normal Attacks grant two stacks. During the Burst duration, you should input “Skill, Normal, Normal, Skill” a total of three times. You can weave one normal attack between each of these sequences for slightly more damage.
Genshin Freminet Constellation Analysis
Freminet’s constellations are quite useful for him, offering many quality-of-life improvements even at early cons. No single constellation, however, is game-breaking.
Constellation Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
C1. Dreams of the Foamy Deep
The CRIT Rate of Freminet’s Skill will be increased by 15%.
CRIT Rate is usually one of the most important stats you can build, and since Freminet’s Skill is the main source of damage, this is a very nice boon. Just remember that you still need to build enough CRIT Rate for Normal Attacks
C2. Penguins and the Land of Plenty
Unleashing Freminet’s Skill restores two energy to him. If he had max stacks on it, it restores three instead.
Simply makes Freminet deal more damage. Freminet takes more than 6s on-field, so he’ll almost always gain the maximum amount of CRIT DMG when using his Skill at the end of his field-time.
C3. Song of the Eddies and Bleached Sands
Increase Normal Attack talent level by 3.
This constellation demonstrates how important Freminet’s Normal Attacks are to his kit, and is a worthwhile constellation to pick up. A moderate increase in damage.
C4. Dance of the Snowy Moon and Flute
After Freminet triggers Frozen, Shatter, or Superconduct against opponents, his ATK will be increased by 9% for 6s. Max 2 stacks. This can be triggered once every 0.3s.
ATK% isn’t as valuable as other stats, so this is a minor increase. ATK% buffs are so abundant across artifact sets, weapons, and talents from support teammates, and there IS such a thing as “too much” ATK% that result in diminishing returns.
C5. Nights of Hearth and Happiness
Increases Skill talent level by 3.
The best part of his kit does a decent amount more damage. Just OK, but still welcome.
C6. Moment of Waking and Resolve
After Freminet triggers Frozen, Shatter, or Superconduct against opponents, his CRIT DMG will be increased by 12% for 6s. Max 3 stacks. This can be triggered once every 0.3s.
Another Constellation that incentivizes precise teambuilding, guiding players into Freminet’s most effective playstyle. 36% CRIT DMG is about as valuable as 18% CRIT Rate.
Genshin Freminet's Best Weapons
Freminet’s bow choices are straightforward: pick the most offensive Claymore possible. Ideally, this will have lots of CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, or Physical DMG% as one of its stats.
Weapon Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
Song of Broken Pines
20.7% Physical DMG
ATK +16%. Normal and Charged Attacks grant stacks to this weapon. Once you have 4, they are consumed and for 12 seconds, all party members gain 12% ATK Speed and 20% ATK. Once activated, you cannot gain stacks for 20 seconds.
Best Limited Banner Weapon
The signature weapon for another Physical DPS, Eula, is unsurprisingly good with Freminet as well. Since off-field DPS teammates will be a large boon to Freminet, the teamwide ATK% buff is welcome. It also has an enormous Base ATK stat.
Skyward Pride
36.8% Energy Recharge
All DMG +8%. After using a Burst, Normal Attacks will release additional attacks of physicial damage equal to 80% of ATK. These hits can crit and this buff lasts for 20s/8 additional attacks.
Best Standard Banner Weapon
Solves a good amount of Freminet’s energy requirements while also dealing extra instances of Physical damage, which are buffed by a Physical DMG% Goblet.
Serpent Spine
22.1% CRIT Rate
Every 4s a character is on the field, they will deal 6-10% more DMG and take 3-2% more DMG. This effect has a maximum of 5 stacks and will not be reset if the character leaves the field, but will be reduced by 1 stack when the character takes DMG.
Battle Pass 4-Star Option
Usually best with a shielder. Consider teaming up with Layla or Diona if you use this weapon. You can cheat the stacks in Spiral abyss if Freminet is first in your party and you simply wait 30 seconds before starting the fight, so you can begin with max stacks. Just keep in mind resetting attempts will make this exploit annoying to repeatedly perform.
Snow-Tombed Starsilver
34.5% Physical DMG
Hitting an opponent with Normal and Charged Attacks has a 60-100% chance of forming and dropping an Everfrost Icicle above them, dealing AoE DMG equal to 80-140% of ATK. Opponents affected by Cryo are instead dealt DMG equal to 200-360% of ATK. Can only occur once every 10s.
Best Craftable Option
An obvious choice for Freminet if you can craft the weapon from Dragonspine. The extra damage instances from the passives aren’t incredible, but the Physical DMG% stat is quite valuable.
Skyrider Greatsword (R5)
43.9% Physical DMG
On hit, Normal or Charged Attacks increase ATK by 10% for 6s. Max 4 stacks. Can occur once every 0.5s.
Powerful 3-Star Weapon
Can only be found in chests, so get exploring! This 3-star weapon is surprisingly good and can easily carry Physicial DPS characters through the early of the game. 40% extra damage on Normal Attacks is nothing to sneeze at.
Genshin Freminet's Best Artifacts
Sands – ATK% or ER% (but almost always ATK%)Goblet – Physical DMG%Circlet – CRIT Rate or CRIT DMGThere are two main optimal artifact sets for Freminet, depending on the play pattern you prefer. If you can’t get either, then it’s recommended to mix 2pc sets between Physical DMG bonuses and ATK bonuses.
Artifact Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
4pc Pale Flame
2pc: Physical DMG +25%
4pc: When an Elemental Skill hits an opponent, ATK is increased by 9% for 7s. This effect stacks up to 2 times and can be triggered once every 0.3s. Once 2 stacks are reached, the 2-set effect is increased by 100%.
Best Physical set
Freminet spams his Skill a lot, which can preserve max stacks. This is the equivalent of an extra 36% ATK, which is more valuable than mixing and matching 18% ATK 2pc sets with 2pc Physical DMG sets.
2pc Pale Flame + 2pc Bloodstained Chivalry
2pc: Physical DMG +25%
2pc: Physical DMG +25%
Best Mix-n-Match Combination
Straightforward. Be aware that it’s unwise to stack (much) more than a total of 100% DMG bonuses, as beyond that will yield diminishing returns (each new point of DMG% becomes worth less than the point before it).
Genshin Freminet's Best Team
Freminet has only one real team option. He is extremely limited in his flexibility, but he is exceptional at the one team he does fit in.
Freeze + Superconduct
The strategy is simple: pair Freminet with strong off-field DPS’s and supports in Hydro, Electro, and occasionally Cryo. Off-field DPS units should have high damage output and supports should either heal, shield, or both. Use Superconduct to make Physical damage stronger against enemies and Freeze enemies to Shatter them and trigger Freminet’s buffs.
Freminet
Electro (Fischl for F2P)
Hydro (Xingqiu for F2P)
Healer or Shielder
Specific Teammate Choices
Cryo Characters
Layla
The best Zhongli-imitator so far. Her shield can approach Zhongli’s shield strength, but the lack of RES shred hurts her viability. However, she is a 4-star which makes her quite accessible.
Diona
A Cryo support who condenses shielding and healing into a single character, making Diona exceptionally flexible and useful. She provides ATK% boosts with 4pc Noblesse Oblige and an Elemental Mastery buff with constellations to increase elemental reaction damage.
Rosaria
A well-rounded Cryo unit that can play as a support, on-field DPS, or off-field DPS, depending on build. She shares a portion of her CRIT Rate with the team and deals respectable damage on her own, while generating a decent amount of Cryo particles with her Skill’s short cooldown.
Kaeya
Kaeya is similar to Rosaria, if only slightly worse. However, the fact his Burst creates icicles that rotate around him is sometimes better for melee-oriented characters. Kaeya generates tons of particles when using his Skill on Frozen enemies and deals decent damage.
Electro Characters
Fischl
Probably the most flexible and efficient off-field Electro DPS in the game. She’s great in any team that needs an Electro DPS, only gets better as new artifact sets and weapons are introduced, and has consistent Electro application, great damage output, and requires minimal field-time to use. She is also available for free in Paimon’s Bargains
Beidou
Beidou has a powerful Burst that, after her second Constellation, creates arc lightning that bounces between enemies while also generating a shield and interruption resistance. While her Burst is strong, her energy needs are high, which makes Fischl an ideal partner for Beidou to maximize her potential. Her Burst also offers mild shielding.
Lisa
Lisa is free from the beginning of the game and also gained a lot of viability thanks to Quicken being introduced to the game, allowing her to become an on-field DPS or support depending on team needs. Her Burst also shreds enemy defenses -- a very rare debuff. She is usually played on-field for Quicken teams, but can work in either role.
Yae Miko
Comparable to Fischl. However, Yae Miko has an exceptionally powerful Burst that acts like a nuke. EM buffs are especially good with Miko due to her passive that adds DMG% to her Skill totems based on her EM. Miko's drawback, in exchange for her raw power, is the amount of field time required for an "off-field" unit.
Hydro Characters
Xingqiu
The best 4-star Hydro applicator. His Burst applies Hydro and deals respectable damage in synchonicity with the active character's Normal Attacks and the orbiting swords that act as defensive utility also apply Hydro to enemies when in direct contact.
Yelan
Mainly best for amplifying teammates DMG% while dealing high HP-scaling damage. Very similar to Xingqiu, but less application and no defensive utility. Yelan is a generically strong character.
Kokomi
The best Hydro option if you want good healing and Hydro application rolled into one character.
Other Options
Zhongli
The best shielder in the game, and it’s not close. Zhongli’s shield is practically indestructible with 100% uptime, and can even replace a healer if you’re responsible with resetting the shield. Not only that, but it reduces all enemy resistances to all elements, including physical, by 20%. Surely representative of a god.
Bennett
Widely considered to be one of the strongest supports in the game, Bennett provides the party with an enormous Flat ATK buff equal to a percentage of Bennett's ATK (sometimes over 100%). Bennett also heals with his Burst and generates tons of Pyro energy particles with his tapped Skill and its 3-second cooldown. Bennett makes every team that cares about ATK better. CAUTION: If Bennett is C6, he CANNOT enhance Physical DPS damage and will actually be WORSE for the team. Use C5 or lower.
Dehya
If you focus all of Dehya’s stats into HP, give her a support artifact set like Tenacity of the Millelith and a weapon like Wolf’s Gravestone, Dehya can not only endure hits meant for Freminet, but she can also buff the team’s ATK with all her equipment.
Up Next:
Genshin Impact Lyney Guide - Best Builds, Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
Previous
Genshin Wriothesley Ascension Materials
Next
Genshin Impact Lyney Guide - Best Builds, Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
Top Guide Sections
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna IV Release Time and Details
Genshin Impact Luna III Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna II Release Date and Details
Was this guide helpful?
Leave feedback
In This Guide
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Initial Release:
Sep 27, 2020
+2
Learn more
Go to comments