Noelle Genshin Impact Complete Guide: Character Profile, Gameplay And Best Builds
Muhammad Kumar
-
Sep 09, 2021
|
Mobile Games
Noelle is one of the best shielder/healer in Genshin Impact and you are guaranteed to get her right from the start. Check this post to find out more.
Genshin Impact Seirai Island Rotating Cube Puzzles: Full Solutions To All Puzzles
Kokomi Genshin Impact: Best Weapons And Ascension Materials
Genshin Impact Yunjin Leaks: Element, Weapon, Stories & More
Noelle is a 4-star Geo Claymore user in Genshin Impact. She is one of the first characters that you can get in the game, as a guaranteed drop from your first 10 pull. In this article, we are going to showcase a complete guide for
Noelle Genshin Impact
, including character profile, gameplay and best builds.
Table of Contents
1 - Genshin Impact Noelle Profile
2 - Noelle Genshin Impact Abilities
3 - Noelle Genshin Impact Passives
4 - Noelle Genshin Impact Constellation
5 - Noelle Genshin Impact Gameplay & Best Build
Noelle in Genshin Impact
1 - Genshin Impact Noelle Profile
Noelle is an apprentice knight who's serving under the Knights of Favonius as a maid. Her ultimate goal is to join their ranks one day. Noelle has an exceptional work ethic - she always strives to go over everyone's expectations.
Appearance-wise, Noelle is a beautiful woman dressed in an Armored version of the usual maid outfit. The heavy weapons she carries around contrast her short stature. Her outfit, Armored Rose, is described to be heavy and durable velvet and metal plates.
Noelle Genshin Impact Tier List: Before C6, she is a B-tier at support and DPS. After C6, she's A-tier.
2 - Noelle Genshin Impact Abilities
Normal attack: Favonius Bladework - Maid
Normal Attack: Performs up to 4 consecutive slashes.
Charged Attack: Consume stamina to perform a continuous swirling attack that strikes all nearby foes. Noelle ends the sequence with a powerful slash.
Plunging Attack: Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Noelle's Charged Spin attack
Elemental Skill: Breastplate
Noelle's Elemental Skill deals AoE Geo DMG upon activation and summons a protective stone armor that scales based on her DEF. With the shield active, Noelle's Normal and Charged Attacks have a chance to heal all characters in the team. This heal also scales based on Noelle's DEF.
The shield has 150% DMG Absorption efficiency against all sources of damage.
Elemental Burst: Sweeping Time
Upon activation, Noelle's Elemental Burst deals AoE Geo DMG to all surrounding enemies. Afterward, it imbues her weapon with Geo and turns it into a gigantic Geo blade.
The Geo blade converts her Phys DMG to Geo DMG that can't be changed by other elemental infusions. Furthermore, Noelle gains a larger attack AoE and an ATK buff that scales based on her DEF stat.
Noelle's Elemental Burst increases her range significantly.
3 - Noelle Genshin Impact Passives
Noelle's kit is all about increasing her defensive potential.
1st Ascension Passive: Devotion
This is a passive ability that triggers automatically when your active character's HP falls below 30%. It creates a 20s shield that absorbs DMG equal to 400% of Noelle's DEF, with the same DMG Absorption ratio as her Skill. The cooldown of this passive is 60s and it does not work on Noelle herself.
Overall, this is a perfect ability to save glass cannon characters from getting instantly killed by enemies.
4th Ascension Passive: Nice and Clean
Decrease the CD of Breastplate by 1s for every 4 attacks from Noelle. This allows Noelle to constantly activating her shield and heal.
Utility Passive: Maid's Knighthood
When a Perfect Cooking is achieved on a DEF-boosting dish, Noelle has a 12% chance to obtain double the product.
Noelle is always depicted with her shield.
4 - Noelle Genshin Impact Constellation
Noelle's full power can only be unlocked if you manage to reach C6. This is not too hard a feat, as she is a starter character.
I Got Your Back: Increases the chance of Breastplate's healing effects activating to 100% when Sweeping Time and Breastplate are both in effect.
Combat Maid: Increases Noelle's Charge attack damage by 15% and reduces its stamina cost by 20%.
Invulnerable Maid: Increases the Level of Breastplate by 3. The maximum upgrade level is 15.
To Be Cleaned: When Breastplate's shield is destroyed by DMG or expired, it will deal 400% ATK of Geo DMG to surrounding opponents.
Favonius Sweeper Master: Increases the Level of Sweeping Time by 3. The maximum upgrade level is 15.
Must Be Spotless: Sweeping Time increases Noelle's ATK by an additional 50% of her DEF. Additionally, every opponent defeated during the skill's duration adds 1s to the duration, up to 10s.
Noelle Genshin Impact Constellation
5 - Noelle Genshin Impact Gameplay & Best Build
Noelle is a fairly decent multi-role character. She can tank by providing shield, heal, and at the last level of Constellation, dealing massive GEO damage. As every part of her skill revolves around her DEF stat, her weapon and artifact choice must also follow that principle. There are 2 Noelle best builds where she plays as a DPS and a Support:
Noelle DPS Build
You need to balance between her DEF and ATK stat to make Noelle stronger. C6 is needed for truly top tier damage.
The best weapon for Noelle DPS is
The Unforged
. It increases Shield Strength by 20% and for each attack Noelle makes, she gains an ATK buff. If Noelle's shield is active, the buff is doubled. She can gain up to 40% more ATK with this weapon. Skyward Pride, Wolf's Gravestone and Whiteblind are good alternatives.
About Noelle best artifacts, the
Retracing Bolide
4 piece set or the Gladiator's Finale 4 piece set are recommended.
The Unforged is the best weapon for Noelle Genshin Impact Build.
Noelle Support build (heal+shield)
This build is best when you are maining other characters as DPS.
The best support weapon is Whiteblind. It increases ATK and DEF stat by 6% each hit, last for 6s with a max stack of 4. Sacrificial Greatsword is a decent alternative.
Maiden Beloved 4 piece set is the recommended artifacts for this build.
Noelle with Whiteblind
Noelle best team
Overall, Noelle is a super
f2p friendly character
, who can provide shield and heal for other members of the party while dishing out decent damage. Below are 2 versions of teams involving Noelle main DPS, for both Premium and F2P players. Noelle support can fit anywhere.
Premium Team: Noelle + Ningguang + Bennett + Xingqiu
Noelle is the main tank + DPS.
Ningguang
provides energy for Noelle's Burst. Furthermore, she can serve as a sub-DPS when Noelle's Burst is on CD.
Bennett
boosts Noelle's ATK.
Xingqiu
can Burst for additional DMG while Noelle is attacking.
F2P Team: Noelle + Kaeya + Amber + Xiangling
Noelle is the main tank + DPS.
Kaeya
provides Energy for Noelle.
Xiangling
is the sub-DPS to deal with Geo-resistance foes.
Amber can crowd control with her skill while giving Xiangling more damage.
Noelle Genshin Impact Trailer
>>> Related post:
Sucrose Genshin Impact Complete Guide: Character Profile, Gameplay And Best Builds
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Guide
#Genshin Impact Characters
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025