Trending
The Boys Season 5
Windrose
Invincible Season 4
Twitch
Overwatch
Gaming
Genshin Impact
Best Wanderer Genshin Impact build: Abilities, weapons, team comp
by
James Busby
Updated:
May 15, 2024, 11:42
Save for later
Save for later
HoYoverse
Get Notifications for Gaming News
Are you looking to pull for Wanderer in Genshin Impact? Here is what you need to know, including the best weapons, artifacts, team comps, and more.
Wanderer is the playable version of Scaramouche in
Genshin Impact
. He received a rerun alongside
Baizhu
in the second half of version update 4.6.
Wanderer is one of the most fun characters to play in the game. He has a unique flying mechanic and can deal a substantial amount of damage. He may have long given up on his ways of a Fatui Harbinger, but the strength he possesses can tackle all kinds of challenges even today.
Article continues after ad
If you are interested in pulling for Wanderer, we have you covered with this detailed guide on the unit.
Wanderer abilities in Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Wanderer abilities revealed in Genshin Impact
Normal Attack: Yuuban Meigen
Normal Attack
: Performs up to 3 attacks using wind blades, dealing Anemo DMG.
Charged Attack:
Consumes a certain amount of Stamina, gathers a build-up of high wind pressure, and deals AoE Anemo DMG after a short casting time.
Article continues after ad
Plunging Attack:
Calling upon the power of Anemo, the Wanderer plunges towards the ground from mid-air, damaging all opponents in his path. Deals AoE Anemo DMG upon impact with the ground.
Article continues after ad
Hanega: Song of the Wind
Concentrates the power of the winds to break free from the shackles of the earth, dealing AoE Anemo DMG before leaping into the air and entering the Windfavored state.
Windfavored
: The Wanderer cannot perform Plunging Attacks in this state. When he uses Normal and Charged Attacks, they will be converted into Kuugo: Fushoudan and Kuugo: Toufukai respectively; the DMG they deal and their AoE will be increased, and their DMG will be considered Normal and Charged Attack DMG respectively. Kuugo: Toufukai will not consume Stamina.
Related
Best One-Handed Sword build in Wuchang: Fallen Feathers
Genshin Impact player clears end-game content on Apple Watch
Forgotten Genshin Impact 4-star destroys weekly boss with ease
Article continues after ad
The Wanderer will hover persistently during this time. While this state is active, the Wanderer’s movements gain the following properties:
Persistently consumes Kuugoryoku Points to maintain this hovering state.
When sprinting, additional Kuugoryoku Points will be consumed for the Wanderer to accelerate mid-air. Holding sprint will cause persistent Kuugoryoku Point consumption to maintain speed. This effect will replace his default sprint.
Jumping expends extra Kuugoryoku Points to increase hovering height. Holding jump will cause persistent Kuugoryoku Point consumption to keep increasing hovering height.
Running out of Kuugoryoku Points will end the Windfavored state. A second cast during the duration of Windfavored will also end it.
Article continues after ad
Kyogen: Five Ceremonial Plays
Compresses the atmosphere into a singular vacuum that grinds all troubles away, dealing multiple instances of AoE Anemo DMG. If the character is in the Windfavored state due to the skill “Hanega: Song of the Wind,” Windfavored state will end after casting.
Article continues after ad
Passive Skills
Strum the Swirling Winds
: Mora expended when ascending Bows and Catalysts is decreased by 50%.
Jade Claimed Flower:
If Hanega: Song of the Wind comes into contact with Hydro/Pyro/Cryo/Electro when it is unleashed, this instance of the Windfavored state will obtain buffs according to the contacted element(s):
Hydro: Kuugoryoku Point cap increases by 20.
Pyro: ATK increases by 30%.
Cryo: CRIT Rate increases by 20%.
Electro: When Normal and Charged Attacks hit an opponent, 0.8 Energy will be restored. Energy can be restored this way once every 0.2s.
You can have up to 2 different kinds of these buffs simultaneously.
Gales of Reverie
When the Wanderer hits opponents with Kuugo: Fushoudan or Kuugo: Toufukai in his Windfavored state, he has a 16% chance to obtain the Descent effect: The next time the Wanderer accelerates in mid-air while in this instance of the Windfavored state, this effect will be removed, this acceleration instance will not consume any Kuugoryoku Points, and he will fire off 4 wind arrows that deal 35% of his ATK as Anemo DMG each.
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
For each Kuugo: Fushoudan and Kuugo: Toufukai that does not produce this effect, the next attack of those types will have a 12% increased chance of producing it. The calculation of the effect production is done once every 0.1s.
Wanderer Constellations in Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Wanderer constellations are worth hunting in Genshin Impact
Level 1- Shoban: Ostentatious Plumage:
When in the Windfavored state, the Attack SPD of the Wanderer’s Kuugo: Fushoudan and Kuugo: Toufukai is increased by 10%.Additionally, the wind arrows fired by the Passive Talent “Gales of Reverie” will deal an additional 25% of his ATK as DMG. You must unlock the Passive Talent “Gales of Reverie” first.
Article continues after ad
Level 2- Niban: Isle Amidst White Waves:
When in the Windfavored state, Kyougen: Five Ceremonial Plays will see its DMG increased by 4% per point of difference between the max amount of Kuugoryoku Points contrasted with Kuugoryoku’s present capacity when using this skill. Through this method, you can increase Kyougen: Five Ceremonial Plays’s DMG by a maximum of 200%.
Article continues after ad
Level 3- Sanban: Moonflower Kusemai
: Increases the Level of Kyougen: Five Ceremonial Plays by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Article continues after ad
Level 4- Yonban: Set Adrift Into Spring
: When casting Hanega: Song of the Wind, should the Passive Talent “Jade-Claimed Flower” be triggered, the character will gain buffs in correspondence to the contacted Elemental Type(s), and also obtain a random untriggered buff. A maximum of 3 such corresponding elemental buffs can exist simultaneously. You must unlock the Passive Talent “Jade-Claimed Flower” first.
Level 5- Matsuban: Ancient Illuminator from Abroad
: Increases the Level of Hanega: Song of the Wind by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Article continues after ad
Level 6- Shugen: The Curtains’ Melancholic Sway
: When the Wanderer actively hits an opponent with Kuugo: Fushoudan while in the Windfavored state, the following effects will occur:
Deals an additional instance of Kuugo: Fushoudan at the position hit, dealing 40% of the attack’s original DMG. This DMG will be considered Normal Attack DMG.
When the Wanderer falls below 40 Kuugoryoku Points, restores 4 Points to him. Kuugoryoku Points can be restored in this manner once every 0.2s. This restoration can occur up to 5 times within one Windfavored duration.
Best weapon for Wanderer in Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Wanderer needs a 5-star weapons in Genshin Impact
Wanderer’s best weapon in Genshin Impact is
Talaytullah’s Remembrance
. This weapon has a CRIT DMG substat and enhances Wanderer massively. Upon equipping, the wielder will have their Normal ATK SPD increased by 10%. Once the wielder activates their Elemental Skill, they will gain a 4.8% increase to Normal ATK every second for 14 seconds.
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
Once, the wielder hits an enemy with Normal ATK, their damage is increased further by 9.8%. The maximum DMG you receive from this is 48%. Upon leaving the field or using the Elemental Skill again will remove all the DMG buffs.
If you do not have this weapon, you can consider using the 5-star weapon
Skyward Atlas
. That weapon has ATK substats, which means you will have some difficulty raising Wanderer’s CRIT DMG.  If you do not have Skyward Atlas, you can also go for
Lost Prayer to the Sacred Winds
as that weapon has CRIT Rate substats.
Article continues after ad
Finally, if you do not have any of the 5-star weapons, you can go for
The Widsith
which is an exceptional 4-star choice for Wanderer.
Best Wanderer artifacts in Genshin Impact
The best artifact set for Wanderer in Genshin Impact is
Desert Pavilion Chronicle
. The set bonus for this artifact set is as follows:
Desert Pavilion Chronicle
2-pc bonus
Anemo DMG Bonus +15%
4-pc bonus
When Charged Attacks hit opponents, the equipping character’s Normal Attack speed will increase by 10% while Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attack DMG will increase by 40% for 15s.
You can also go for
Viridescent Venerer
for Wanderer, though this set is not as recommended compared to the previous one. The set bonus for this artifact set is as follows:
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
Viridescent Venerer
2-pc bonus
Anemo DMG Bonus +15%
4-pc bonus
Increases Swirl DMG by 60%. Decreases opponent’s Elemental RES to the element infused in the Swirl by 40% for 10s.
Wanderer Ascension and Talent level-up materials
Wanderer Ascension materials
Wanderer in Genshin Impact needs Vayuda Turquoise Silver and its upgrades, Perpetual Caliber, Rukkhashava Mushroom, and Old Handguard. The exact number of materials across every level are as follows:
Ascension Level
Mora
Materials
1
20000
Vayuda Turquoise Silver x1
Old Handguard x3
Rukkhashava Mushroom x3
2
40000
Vayuda Turquoise Fragment x3
Perpetual Caliber x2
Old Handguard x15
Rukkhashava Mushroom x10
3
60000
Vayuda Turquoise Fragment x6
Perpetual Caliber x4
Kageuchi Handguard x12
Rukkhashava Mushroom x20
4
80000
Vayuda Turquoise Chunk x3
Perpetual Caliber x8
Kageuchi Handguard x18
Rukkhashava Mushroom x30
5
100000
Vayuda Turquoise Chunk x6
Perpetual Caliber x12
Famed Handguard x12
Rukkhashava Mushroom x45
6
120000
Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone x6
Perpetual Caliber x20
Famed Handguard x24
Rukkhashava Mushroom x60
The total number of materials you need are as follows:
Vayuda Turquoise Silver x1
Vayuda Turquoise Fragment x9
Vayuda Turquoise Chunk x9
Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone x6
Old Handguard x18
Kageuchi Handguard x30
Famed Handguard x36
Rukkhashava Mushrooms x168
Perpetual Caliber x46
Where to farm Wanderer ascension materials in Genshin Impact
Vayuda Turquoise Silver and its upgrades
HoYoverse
Anemo Hypostasis can be used to farm for Wanderer’s crystals
Vayuda Turquoise Silver is a drop from the Anemo Hypostasis in Genshin Impact. You can locate this boss near Stormbearer Mountain.
Perpetual Caliber
HoYoverse
Aeonblight Drake is located in Ardravi Valley
Perpetual Caliber is a drop from the
Aeonblight Drake
. You can locate this boss inside a cave in Devantaka Mountain as shown in the image above.
Article continues after ad
Old Handguard and its upgrades
HoYoverse
Nobushi can be found all across Inazuma
Old Handguard is dropped by the
Nobushi enemy
in Inazuma. You can locate this enemy through the Adventurer’s Handbook. All you need is to open the Adventurer’s Handbook, find the enemy’s name, and click on Navigate.
Rukkhashava Mushroom
Genshin Interactive Map/HoYoverse
Rukkhashava Mushroom locations Genshin Impact
Rukkhashava Mushroom is a local specialty of Sumeru. You can find it in abundance in the areas marked in the image above.
Article continues after ad
Wanderer Talent level-up materials
Wanderer in Genshin Impact needs
Teachings of Praxis and its upgrades, Old Handguard and its upgrades, and Daka’s bell
. The total number of materials you need are as follows:
Article continues after ad
Wanderer Talent level-up materials
Talent Books
Teachings of Praxis x9
Guide to Praxis x63
Philosophies of Praxis x114
Common Materials
Old Handguard x18
Kageuchi Handguard x66
Famed Handguard x93
Boss Material
Daka’s Bell x18
Where to farm Wanderer Talent level-up materials
Teachings of Praxis and its upgrades
HoYoverse
Steeple of Ignorance is located in Sumeru
Teachings of Praxis and its upgrades can be farmed from the domain Steeple of Ignorance. It can be found near Chatrakam Cave in Sumeru.
Daka’s Bell
HoYoverse
Daka’s Bell can be farmed from Scaramouche boss fight
Daka’s Bell is a drop from the Scaramouche boss fight in Genshin Impact. You can find this boss in the Joururi Workshop domain that is unlocked as part of Sumeru’s Archon Quest.
Wanderer talent and stat priority in Genshin Impact
Wanderer Talent priority
The talents you need to focus for Wanderer in Genshin Impact are as follows:
Article continues after ad
Normal Attack
Elemental Skill
Elemental Burst
Wanderer Stat priority
The stats you need to focus for Wanderer are as follows:
Main Stat
Sub Stat
Goblet: Anemo DMG bonus
Crit DMG
Sands: ATK%
Crit Rate
Circlet: CRIT Rate or Crit DMG
ATK%
Wanderer constellation priority
The constellations you should focus for Wanderer are:
Constellation 2: Elemental Burst DMG is enhanced
Constellation 6: Kuugo Fushoudan DMG is enhanced significantly
Wanderer pros and cons in Genshin Impact
The pros and cons of Wanderer are as follows:
Pros
Cons
Fun gameplay
High Investment character
Good Damage Potential
Needs Faruzan in the team
Not free-to-play friendly
Should you pull for Wanderer in Genshin Impact
Yes, you should pull for Wanderer in Genshin Impact
. Wanderer is a very unique unit as his gameplay is quite fun. You can fly around and deal massive damage to enemies, provided you have the right set-up. Wanderer needs resources as you need Faruzan, and also a 5-star weapon if possible.
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
Additionally, you also very good artifacts to make him viable in the end-game. However, he is quite satisfying to play and you will get good returns if you decide to invest into him.
Wanderer best team comp in Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Faruzan is mandatory for Wanderer in Genshin Impact
Wanderer has very few teams where he can function optimally. The best partners to pair with Wanderer are
Faruzan, Bennett, and Zhongli
. In this team, Faruzan and Bennett buff Wanderer’s damage, while Zhongli keeps the team alive in extended fights.
You can also go with
Wanderer, Faruzan, Xiangling, and Bennett
. This team has a lot more damage potential than the previous one, but it lacks survivability. Wanderer is a squishy character, and using Zhongli brings much more stability to the team.
Article continues after ad
Wanderer trailer Genshin Impact
On December 5, 2022, HoYoverse officially released a trailer for Wanderer. If you did not check it out yet, you can do so from the link provided below:
That’s everything you need to know about building Wanderer in Genshin Impact. For more on the game, check out all the
free characters
you can get,
how the Pity system
works, and whether or not it’s
cross-platform
.
Article continues after ad
More
Genshin Impact
News
Add as a preferred source on Google
Follow on Google News
Featured Articles
TV & Movies
Why isn’t Brooke Hogan in Hulk Hogan: Real American? Netflix documentary explained
TV & Movies
Storage Wars star claims cyberbully was “tormenting” Darrell Sheets before his death
Entertainment
NASA website lets you spell your name using real images of Earth
TV & Movies
You can now wear a Jurassic Park fragrance that was “65 million years in the making”
Food
Cafe “run entirely” by AI goes viral, but it still needs humans
Sign up to Dexerto
For The latest News, Views & Reviews
Better Reading Experience
|
Save Your Favourite Items
Sign up