Table of Contents
[Hide]
[Show]
Best Position – Main DPS
Best Weapons
+
−
5-Star – Tulaytullah’s Remembrance
4-Star – Mappa Mare
3-Star – Twin Nephrite
Best Artifacts
+
−
4PC Desert Pavilion Chronicle
4PC Viridescent Venerer
2PC Desert Pavilion Chronicle + 2PC Viridescent Venerer
Best Teams
Though Scaramouche first appeared in Version 1.1 of
Genshin Impact
,
he did not become playable until Version 3.3. Now going by the Wanderer – or whatever you decide to name him – he’s traded Electro for Anemo. You should take advantage of the Wanderer’s Swirl reactions since he gains buffs based on which elements react with his attacks. To get the most out of his damage, avoid putting the Wanderer on Dendro teams – Hyperbloom is an exception.
Genshin Impact: Wanderer Constellation Guide
|
Genshin Impact: Wanderer Ascension & Materials
|
Genshin Impact: Sangonomiya Kokomi Talent Guide
Despite his rocky relationship with the Traveler, the Wanderer can become a beloved member of your team. Whether he loves you back is another question entirely. But you can treat him to the right weapon and artifacts and maybe that’ll count for something.
Best Position – Main DPS
Overall, the Wanderer functions best as a Main DPS, specifically for Swirl damage. His 1st Ascension Passive provides buffs based on what Elements the Wanderer’s Elemental Skill comes into contact with. Also, using the Skill makes him float, so he can dodge ground attacks. However, relying on dodging isn’t the best or easiest method.
Taking his Main DPS status to heart, the Wanderer has low base HP and DEF. This is offset by his low cooldowns and wide AoE on his Normal Attacks. Additionally, the Wanderer’s Ascension stat is CRIT Rate. This helps get him to the 2:1 CRIT DMG to CRIT Rate ratio.
Best Weapons
The Wanderer’s strength lies in his Normal and Charged Attacks, with his Swirl damage adding an extra oomph. Depending on your Artifacts, focus on Catalysts with either
CRIT or Elemental Mastery
stats.
For the Weapon Skill, look for Catalysts that support Normal Attacks or Elemental Reactions. This combination should allow the highest DMG output.
5-Star – Tulaytullah’s Remembrance
Tulaytullah’s Remembrance is the Wanderer’s signature Weapon and so far, it’s his best. Tulaytullah’s increases CRIT DMG by a percentage. Additionally, it increases Normal Attack SPD by 10%. After using an Elemental Skill, the wielder’s Normal Attack DMG increases by 4.8% every second for 14 seconds. After hitting an opponent with a Normal Attack during those 14 seconds, Normal Attack DMG increases by another 9.6%. This can be triggered once every 0.3 seconds. Normal Attack DMG can be increased by up to 48% per 14-second effect. In summary, the Wanderer can hit harder and faster.
A good runner-up is the
Lost Prayer to the Sacred Winds.
This Catalyst increases CRIT Rate by a percentage. It also increases Movement SPD by 10%. When the wielder is in battle, they gain an Elemental DMG Bonus every 4 seconds. This can stack up to 4 times until the wielder falls or leaves combat.
4-Star – Mappa Mare
Mappa Mare increases the wielder’s Elemental Mastery and increases their Elemental DMG for 10 seconds after they trigger an Elemental reaction. The wielder can have up to 2 stacks of the Elemental DMG Bonus. This Catalyst will help the most with a fully leveled Wanderer.
If you need more CRIT DMG,
The Widsith
is a good option. When a character takes the field, they will gain a random theme song for 10 seconds. This effect can only occur once every 30 seconds. The three songs are Recitative, Aria, and Interlude. In that order, the wielder has a chance of receiving an ATK, Elemental DMG, or Elemental Mastery buff.
If those aren’t working for you, try the
Solar Pearl
or
Wandering Evenstar
.
3-Star – Twin Nephrite
Twin Nephrite increases CRIT Rate by a percentage. Also, defeating an enemy increases Movement SPD and ATK by a percentage for 15 seconds. If you have a Hydro or Electro character on your team, you can also try the
Magic Guide
or
Emerald Orb
.
Best Artifacts
Generally, the Wanderer relies on
Anemo DMG
. You can support this with
ATK%, CRIT stats, and Energy Recharge
if you need it. If you want to increase your reaction damage, you can look for
Elemental Mastery
as well.
4PC Desert Pavilion Chronicle
At 2 pieces, Desert Pavilion increases Anemo DMG by 15%. At 4 pieces, when Charged Attacks hit opponents, the equipping character’s Normal Attack speed will increase by 10%. All Normal Attacks – Normal, Charged, and Plunging – will have their damage increased by 40% for 15 seconds. Since the Wanderer relies on Normal and Charged Attacks for his damage, this is by far the best full set for him.
4PC Viridescent Venerer
At 2 pieces, Viridescent also increases Anemo DMG by 15%. At 4 pieces, it increases Swirl DMG by 60% and decreases the opponent’s Elemental RES to the element infused in the Swirl by 40% for 10 seconds.
2PC Desert Pavilion Chronicle + 2PC Viridescent Venerer
This is the best option if you have less than stellar stats on a full set of either Desert or Viridescent.
Best Teams
Try to build off of the Wanderer’s Passive Talent: Jade-Claimed Flower. This provides buffs based on which Element reacts with the Wanderer’s Elemental Skill. Unless you have C4 activated, the Wanderer can have up to 2 different buffs at a time. However, keep in mind that the Wanderer is a pretty fragile character, so reserve one slot for a healer or shielder. Include a Hydro, Pyro, Electro, or Cryo character, and play around with those reactions.
Faruzan is an essential member of the Wanderer team due to her Anemo DMG buffs. Bennett is also a great ATK buffer and healer for a Wanderer team.
Electro-Charged
Raiden Shogun
Kamisato Ayato
Kuki Shinobu
Faruzan
Fischl
Barbara
H
Mono-Anemo/Shield
Faruzan
Kaedehara Kazuha
Zhongli
Faruzan
Jean
Beidou
Vaporize
Yelan
Xiangling
Thoma
Faruzan
Bennett
Xingqiu