Genshin Impact: Best Scaramouche (Wanderer) Team Compositions Guide
By
Nahda Nabiilah
Published
Dec 6, 2022, 10:40 PM EST
Nahda Nabiilah is a writer and editor from Indonesia. She has always loved writing and playing games, so one day she decided to combine the two. Most of the time, writing gaming guides is a blast for her, due to it being two of Nahda's favorite things. She strives to make detailed and easy-to-follow guides.
Sign in to your
GameRant
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
The Wanderer
Anemo
Catalyst
Sumeru
Guides
Ascension
Builds
Weapons
Team Comp
Constellation
Player Mistakes
Back to All Characters
Scaramouche (Wanderer) is an Anemo DPS in
Genshin Impact
that relies on his Normal attacks to deal damage. His Elemental Skill enhances his damage, similar to Yoimiya’s Skill. Meanwhile, Scaramouche’s ultimate deals large damage, but offers no other utilities. From his passive, Wanderer offers more damage and some other self-buff that depends on Elements that exist around him.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Kaeya Constellations Complete Guide
Scaramouche performs best in his team as a main DPS, but he also works as an Anemo driver. The best Scaramouche (Wanderer) team comp in
Genshin Impact
should be filled with characters that can fulfill his potential as a powerful Anemo DPS.
5
Wanderer + Xingqiu + Raiden Shogun + Beidou
Taser teams are famous in
Genshin Impact
because of how well their Electro-charged reaction
does on the battlefield. Scaramouche can lead this team’s purpose, acting as a driver with his Normal attacks. Xingqiu operates as a popular Hydro applicator with his Sword Rains, produced by his Elemental Burst. On the other side, Raiden and Beidou both have a decent Electro application to follow up with Scaramouche and Xingqiu’s attacks and trigger the Electro-charged reaction constantly. Xingqiu and Beidou further fit in this team when players consider their ability to defend Wanderer against incoming hits.
Team Role
Wanderer:
Main DPS
Xingqiu:
Sub-DPS, Hydro application, minor healer, buffer (with Noblesse Oblige)
Raiden Shogun:
Sub-DPS, Electro application, battery
Beidou:
Shielder, Sub-DPS, Electro application
4
Wanderer + Layla + Ayato + C6 Faruzan
With his Anemo Element and his ability to spread Elements with his AoE Normal and Charged attacks, Scaramouche can fit perfectly in
most team compositions in
Genshin Impact
. One of these teams is a freeze team that consists of Layla and Ayato to create a big field of constant AoE Hydro and Cryo applications. Wanderer then will spread those two Elements to freeze all enemies under him. If players need a healer, they can replace Ayato with Kokomi, but he will lose the 20% extra DMG on both Wanderer and Ayato’s Normal attacks.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best Build for Tartaglia (Childe)
Cryo and Hydro may not deal any DMG when they react, but players can equip Scaramouche with Blizzard Strayer to benefit from the Frozen reaction. This allows him to fully focus on Crit DMG while ignoring the need for Crit Rate. For the final slot, players can either
use another Cryo unit to trigger Cryo Resonance
, or Faruzan to buff Wanderer. C6 Faruzan will decrease enemies’ resistance to Anemo while decently boosting Wanderer’s Anemo DMG and Anemo CRIT DMG.
Team Role
Wanderer:
Main DPS
Layla:
Shielder, support, Cryo application, buffer (with Tenacity of the Millelith)
Ayato:
Sub-DPS, Hydro application, buffer
Faruzan:
Support, CC, buffer, debuffer
3
Wanderer + C6 Faruzan + Zhongli + Yun Jin
Since Scaramouche can carry the team with his DMG, players can build an entire team to maximize the DMG of his Normal and Charged attacks. Wanderer can inflict some insane DMG when paired with C6 Faruzan in
Genshin Impact
. Her buffs and debuffs fit perfectly with his playstyle and help control enemies for him. Yun Jin and Zhongli both
activate the Geo Resonance in
Genshin Impact
, increasing Wanderer’s DMG by 15%. Yun Jin can also massively boost Scara’s Normal attack based on her DEF, while Zhongli can shred enemies’ resistance to Anemo when Scaramouche has Zhongli’s shield on.
This team all revolves around
maximizing the amount of DMG
Scaramouche can deal when he activates his Elemental Skill. Players will want to make sure all the buffs and debuffs are applied before switching back to Scara to enter his Windfavored state.
Team Role
Wanderer:
Main DPS
Faruzan:
Support, buffer, debuffer
Zhongli:
Shielder, debuffer, buffer (with Tenacity of the Millelith)
Yun Jin:
Support, buffer
2
Wanderer + Xiangling + C6 Fischl + Kokomi
Sukokomon is one of the most
popular team compositions in
Genshin Impact
. In this team, instead of Sucrose, players can let Scaramouche in to take the lead of this diverse trio. Xiangling has one great Pyro application and DMG while Fischl will follow the Wanderer's Normal attacks, applying Electro. Kokomi will create a big AoE of constant Hydro application, healing everyone at the same time.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best Weapons For Yoimiya
Scara on the other hand will spread all their Elements across the area and create more chaos than the one Sucrose used to cause with this team. Once Scaramouche makes it out on the field, players will witness a
barrage of Elemental reactions
creating an endless chaos of numbers.
Team Role
Wanderer
: Main DPS
Xiangling
: Sub-DPS, Pyro application
Fischl
: Sub-DPS, Electro application
Kokomi
: Support, healer, Hydro application
1
Wanderer + Xiangling + Xingqiu + Bennett
Scaramouche can work in
Vaporize team composition in
Genshin Impact
. Bennett’s role in this team composition is to maximize the DMG of Xiangling and Scaramouche by boosting them with his Burst. He also activates the Pyro Resonance alongside Xiangling, which gives the team a 25% bonus ATK. Pair this with Noblesse Oblige's effect and Scaramouche’s passive that grants 30% ATK to himself when his Skill comes in contact with Pyro upon casting, and players will end up with a lot of ATK on Wanderer.
Team Role
Wanderer
: Main DPS
Xiangling
: Sub-DPS, Pyro application
Xingqiu
: Sub-DPS, minor healer, Hydro application
Bennett
: Support, healer, buffer
Genshin Impact
is now available on Mobile, PC, PS4, and PS5. A Switch version is in development.
Strategy Guides
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which recently released Nintendo cozy game do you prefer?
Pokemon Pokopia
Pokemon Pokopia
57.3%
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
42.7%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
7 Flawless Mystery Shows That Are Perfect From Beginning to End
Classroom of the Elite Season 4, Episode 7: The Race for Expulsions Begins
Shigeru Miyamoto Comments on Super Mario Galaxy Movie Reviews