Genshin Impact Wanderer build guide will certainly be useful if you are planning to acquire the lethal Anemo Catalyst user in version 3.3.
Genshin Impact Wanderer build
The game of Genshin Impact has actually hooked several players over the years, and credit for it all goes to
HoYoverse
, as the organization constantly releases fresh content for the gamers like new characters, enemies, weapons, and much more.
One such new introduction to the game is Wanderer, the 5-star Anemo Catalyst user who will be coming in Genshin Impact 3.3 version. The Genshin 3.3 version will go live on December 6th, and maintenance is expected to start at 06:00 (UTC+8) and is expected to be completed within 5 hours.
Wanderer is one of the much-awaited characters in the game and has been a continuous topic of discussion. Wanderer was also formally introduced to the players by HoYoverse, where he was described as the Eons Adrift and the Tribulations Uncounted, Trials Unknowable. He also has a 5-star Anemo rating and has been frequently referenced in the game.
He appears to be a similar on-field DPS to Heizou. His Charged Attacks (NA) deal AOE damage while his Normal Attacks (NA) fire wind blades that deal Anemo damage.
So, in this article, we'll look at the ideal Genshin Impact Wanderer build, including his talent books, ascension materials, weapons, and more that will help him reach his full potential.
Read More:
Genshin Impact Dehya leak hints at her kit and in-game role
Genshin Impact Wanderer build in version 3.3
Every one of the farming resources to maximize Wanderer talent books, ascension material and more have been exposed by leakers. Those who are planning to get their hands on the best version of Wanderer in the 3.3 update should certainly start saving Primogems and begin pre-farming all materials now.
It goes without saying that the characters when reached their maximum stats are the most useful ones in the game, hence we have collected all the required data for Genshin Impact Wanderer build in version 3.3 and the mats required for it.
Best Genshin Impact Wanderer talent books
Praxis Book set will be the ideal Wanderer talent book.
Teachings of Praxis, Guide of Praxis, and Philosophies of Praxis are talent books based on Sumeru that were released in the 3.0 update. As per the leaks, on Wednesday, Saturday, and Sunday, gamers can collect Praxis talent books by completing the talent domain.
Now, as revealed in version 3.0, the exact domain of Genshin Impact's "Praxis" talent book is "Steeple of Ignorance". To level up Wanderer's talents to Lv. 10, you'll need the following materials in the quantities specified:
Daka's Bell (Shouki no Kami, the Prodigal) x18
Teachings of Praxis x9
Guide to Praxis x63
Philosophies of Praxis x114
Old Handguard x18
Kageuchi Handguard x66
Famed Handguard x93
Crown of Insight x3
Unfortunately, it will be difficult, if not impossible, to harvest some of the materials early because Wanderer is a brand-new character from an area that has recently been introduced. While some resources are already present in the game, many will only be made available after the 3.3 update.
Also, the Crown of Insight happens to be the rarest material in Genshin Impact. Plus, you only get in from events. So that will also be a hard material to collect.
The preceding items must be leveled up to 10 in order for Wanderer to use each of his battle talents.
Sumeru Talent Books in version 3.3
In the current version of Genshin Impact, a lot of the ingredients for Wanderer's talent book can be farmed.
Read More:
Genshin Impact 3.3 Livestream - date, time, codes, enemies, banners, events, leaks, more
Best Genshin Impact Wanderer ascension materials
Those who are planning to get the required material to level up Wanderer to level 90 and build him prior to the Wanderer banner release should look at the following ascension mats:
Perpetual Caliber (Aneonblight Drake) x46
Vayuda Turquoise Chunk x9
Vayuda Turquoise Fragment x9
Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone x6
Vayuda Turquoise Sliver x1
Rukkhashava Mushrooms x168
Old Handguard x18
Kageuchi Handguard x30
Famed Handguard x36
One of the primary Ascension Materials for Wanderer is Rukkhashava Mushrooms. From the mountains of Sumeru, the Kalpalata Lotus can be grown. In Sumeru, the Lokapala Jungle and the Ashavan Realm are where one can find Rukkhashava Mushrooms. Additionally, pursuing a specific discussion branch for the first time results in the Aramani and Ashpazi giving Rukkhashava mushrooms.
Nobushi and Kairagi both drop the Common Ascension Material known as Handguard. Vayuda Turquoise, on the other hand, is then dropped by Confront Stormterror, Joururi Workshop, Algorithm of Semi-Intransient Matrix, Anemo Hypostasis, and Maggu Kenki.
One of the Ascension materials for Wanderer will be a boss-drop item called the Perpetual Caliber, which can be obtained from the desert-area monster Aeonblight Drake (formerly known as Blightdrake) in Sumeru.
It is important to take note that to farm the boss drop for Wanderer's ascension, players must first uncover the new locations of The Sumeru.
Read More:
Genshin Impact Wanderer weapon - Tullaytullah’s Remembrance, 5 star catalyst stats, materials, description, leaks
Best Genshin Impact Wanderer artifacts
Similar to ascension materials and talent books, the Wanderer artifacts play a major role to build a strong character. Now, the best-suited artifact sets for Wanderer is the one that is yet to be released in the game.
The 2 and 4-piece Desert Pavilion Chronicle is an excellent option because Wanderer's Skill and Burst deal the majority of his damage.
Genshin Desert Pavilion Chronicle set:
2-piece: Increases 15% Anemo DMG Bonus
4-piece: After Charged Attacks hit opponents, this character's Normal Attack SPD will increase by 10% while Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attack DMG will increase by 40% for 10s.
The Anemo set in the Wanderer's new artifact domain is intended to enhance Anemo users' use of Charged and Normal Attacks. This is expected to be his and Heizou's most impressive artifact.
BUY:
GENSHIN IMPACT CHARACTERS COSPLAY OUTFITS FOR HALLOWEEN
Depending on the constitution of your team, you have a few alternatives for the artifact set, but we chose the four-piece Desert Pavilion Chronicle for its increased attack, increased Anemo damage, and improved crit rate and damage.
Read More:
Genshin Impact 3.3 beta leaks - character's kit, artifacts, weapons changes, more in .52 update
Best Genshin Impact Wanderer weapons
Since we are looking at the best elements that suit Wanderer, let's look at the best Wanderer weapons. Some of the best Wanderer weapons include:
Tullaytullah’s Remembrance
Kagura's Verity
Skyward Atlas
Widsith
Solar Pearl
Lost Prayer
Sacred Winds
Obviously, Wanderer's signature weapon - Tullaytullah’s Remembrance will be included in the list. The primary sub-stat of this 5-star Catalyst, Tullaytullah’s Remembrance, will be Crit DMG. Since his primary responsibility in the party is to increase critical and attack damage.
The Kagura's Verity and Skyward Atlas should be Wanderer's superior choices. Then Widsith (4 stars) or Solar Pearl (4 stars) are his best bets for boosting critical rate and basic attack damage, respectively.
Another choice is Lost Prayer to the Sacred Winds, which has a maximum of four stacks and improves movement speed by 10% and elemental damage bonus by 8% every four seconds.
He and Heizou should have very similar builds going forward because of how similar their playstyles are. The one exception is Wanderer, who should not be built for EM since he is a full-on typical DPS build, unlike Heizou.
Read More:
Genshin Impact 3.4 banners - Alhaitham and Yaoyao release date leaked
Best Genshin Impact Wanderer Team Comps
Up to this point, there has been a lot of speculation about the potential Wanderer build when he joins the Genshin Impact squad.
Wanderer is a DPS character, however, his kit does not place a premium on being an on-field DPS. This section will regrettably be somewhat brief until more characters that work with Wanderer are published.
Wanderer, Faruzan, Fischl, Diona
Wanderer, Xiangling, Bennett, Xingqiu
Since the majority of these characters have been in the game since its inception, a sizable portion of the player community has all of their constellation levels unlocked. Due to his capacity to acquire various boosts based on the elemental infusion on his Anemo attacks, Wanderer is shown in the movie to be a fantastic fit for this kind of group.
This was everything from us on the best Genshin Wanderer build. It is suggested to explore your own Genshin Impact Wanderer builds and experiment with this one as well to see which ones perform the best.
Read More:
Genshin Impact 3.3 Akitsu Kimodameshi event - challenges, trail characters, tutorial, description, more
However, as mentioned earlier, with the 3.3 beta, the developers are constantly changing Wanderer's abilities, so there are chances that a few elements in the list might get changed with time, so keep an eye out.
BUY:
GENSHIN NAHIDA MERCH
We'll update you with the latest information regarding
Genshin Impact
, so keep following. Till then, you can also check the latest Genshin Impact leaks about the upcoming characters:
|
Alhaitham
|
Wanderer
|
Faruzan
|
Mika
|
Layla
|
Kaveh
|
Dehya
|
Dainsleif
|
Baizhu
|
Yaoyao
|
and more.
You can also visit our youtube channel for more latest gaming news:
Gameort