Guide Genshin Impact Wanderer Artifact Build
By
Jay
/
December 23, 2022
/
2022
Featured
Games
In the following article, we will present the best Genshin Impact Build Wanderer Artifact guide. Genshin Impact Wanderer is the sixth of 11 Fatui Harbingers released After a two-year waiting.
The character can finally play and Scaramouche, also known as the Wanderer has an interesting kit. The Wanderer is now available and can be obtained through the Ashes Reborn Banner during the first phase of the 3.3 updates along with Itto and his 4-star support Faruzan.
Wanderer or Scaramouche is a 5-star anemo catalyst that has the ability to be the main DPS like Xiao and Kazuha. If you’re interested, we’ll share the Best Genshin Impact Build Wanderer Guide Artifact that this character can use. Here is the Best Artifact Build Wanderer Guide for the character!
Guide Genshin Impact Wanderer Artifact Build
The Desert Pavillion Chronicle set, which was introduced in the same release as Wanderer and is the greatest artifact for the character, is a new artifact set designed exclusively for the Wanderer kit. However we also have some other artifact recommendation for Wanderer, check out below:
Desert Pavillion Chronicle
Effect:
2-Piece: Anemo DMG Bonus +15%
4-Piece: After a Charge attack that successfully hits an opponent, the character’s Normal Attack speed will increase by 10% while Normal Attack, Charged, and Dive DMG will increase by 40% for 15 seconds
Where to get:
City of Gold Domain
Shimenawa’s Reminiscence
Effect:
2-Piece: ATK +18%
4-Piece: When using an Elemental Skill, if the character has 15 or more Energy, they lose 15 Energy and their Normal Attack/Charge/Plunging DMG increases by 50% for 10s. This effect will no longer be triggered during that duration.
Where to get:
Momiji-Dyed Court Domain
Viridescent Venerer
Effect:
2-Piece: Anemo DMG Bonus +15%
4-Piece: Increases Swirl DMG by 60%. Reduces the enemy’s Elemental RES to elements infused into Swirl by 40% for 10s.
Where to get:
Valley of Remembrance Domain
Best Artifact Main Stat and Sub Stat for Wanderer:
Main:
Sand of Eons: Attack %
Goblet: Anemo Damage
Circlet: Crit Rate
Sub Stat:
Crit Rate
Crit Damage
Attack Percentage
ATK
See other
roonby’s articles
for daily inspiration. Also, don’t forget to check out our
Facebook page
to get the latest information, If you are interested in partnership collaboration or sending PR, then please email us at
[email protected]
android
Artifact
games
Genshin Impact
Guide
Hoyoverse
iOS
Wanderer
About  Jay
A Content writer for Roonby.com
Contact me on
[email protected]
, we can't reply to gmail for some reason.