Trending
The Boys Season 5
Windrose
Invincible Season 4
Twitch
Overwatch
Gaming
Genshin Impact
Best Xiangling Genshin Impact build: Artifacts, weapons & team comp
by
Andrew Amos
Updated:
Aug 06, 2024, 11:22
Save for later
Save for later
HoYoverse
Get Notifications for Gaming News
Contents
1
Best Xiangling build in Genshin Impact
Best Xiangling artifacts
Best Xiangling weapons
Xiangling Talent Level-Up and Ascension materials
2
Best Xiangling team comp
3
Xiangling abilities in Genshin Impact
4
Xiangling constellations
5
Xiangling pros and cons
6
Xiangling Trailer
Xiangling is one of the best
Genshin Impact
4-stars to invest into ⁠— the Pyro Polearm can DPS like the best of them with relative ease. Here’s the best build you need for Xiangling, including her top artifacts, weapons, and some tips and tricks.
Xiangling certainly spices up the battlefield in Genshin Impact. The Liyue chef whirls up a fiery storm to dish out a ton of damage that’d make some of the game’s 5-stars sweat where they stand. Even after 5 years, Xiangling is one of the best
Pyro
units in the game.
Article continues after ad
She can be built at a relatively low cost, using four-star weapons and easy-to-farm artifacts to get the most out of her kit. If you’re starting out in Genshin Impact, or just want a new main, Xiangling is one you need to look towards.
We’ve got the best Xiangling build in Genshin Impact right here, including the top artifacts, weapons, and more you’ll need to invest in.
Article continues after ad
Best Xiangling build in Genshin Impact
Weapon
Artifacts
Stats
Team comp
Staff of Scarlet Sands
Emblem of Severed Fate (4-pc)
Sands
: Elemetal Mastery
Goblet:
Pyro DMG Bonus
Circlet
: Crit Rate or Crit DMG
Substats
: Energy Recharge, Crit Rate, Crit DMG, Elemental Mastery
Raiden Shogun, Xingqiu, Xiangling, Bennett
While this is the best build for Xiangling, if you are interested in learning about every component within the setup, we have discussed those in detail in the following sections.
Article continues after ad
Best Xiangling artifacts
HoYoverse
Emblem of Severed Fate is the best Artifact set for Xiangling.
The best artifact set for Xiangling in Genshin Impact is Emblem of Severed Fate. The stat bonus for this artifact set is as follows:
Set Piece
Set Bonus
2-pc
Energy Recharge +20%.
4-pc
Increases Elemental Burst DMG by 25% of Energy Recharge. A maximum of 75% bonus DMG can be obtained in this way.
This artifact set helps with Xiangling’s Energy Recharge as well as her damage output. This helps balance her stats and thereby deal the most optimal damage.
Best Xiangling weapons
Xiangling can make use of practically every Polearm in Genshin Impact, so she’s that flexible. However, a few weapons stand out above the rest. Number one is
Staff of the Scarlet Sands
— Cyno’s polearm ⁠— with CRIT Rate as its substat and the Elemental Mastery boost.
Related
Best Sparxie Honkai Star Rail build: Team, Light Cones, Eidolons, and Abilities
Best Yao Guang Honkai Star Rail build: Team, Light Cones, Eidolons, and Abilities
Genshin Impact 5.5 update banners & events
Article continues after ad
However, there are a couple of free-to-play options too. The four-star
Wavebreaker’s Fin
and the craftable
The Catch
both boost her Burst damage significantly and should be run in budget squads (Wavebreaker’s Fin at Refinement Level 5 is best in slot regardless).
Article continues after ad
You can find the full list of Xiangling’s best weapons in Genshin Impact below.
Weapon
Details (R1)
Staff of the Scarlet Sands
The equipping character gains
52%
of their Elemental Mastery as bonus ATK. When an Elemental Skill hits opponents, the Dream of the Scarlet Sands effect will be gained for 10s: The equipping character will gain
28%
of their Elemental Mastery as bonus ATK. Max 3 stacks.
Wavebreaker’s Fin
For every point of the entire party’s combined maximum Energy capacity, the Elemental Burst DMG of the character equipping this weapon is increased by 0.12%. A maximum of 40% increased Elemental Burst DMG can be achieved this way.
The Catch
Increases Elemental Burst DMG by 16% and Elemental Burst CRIT Rate by 6%.
Xiangling Talent Level-Up and Ascension materials
Talent
Xiangling in Genshin Impact needs
Teachings of Diligence and its upgrades, Slime Condensate and its upgrades, and Dvalin’s Claw
. The exact number of materials she needs are as follows:
Article continues after ad
Talent Level-Up Materials
Teachings of Diligence x9
Guide to Diligence x63
Philosophies of Diligence x114
Common Ascension Materials
Slime Condensate x18
Slime Secretions x66
Slime Concentrate x93
Weekly Boss Materials
Dvalin’s Claw x18
Ascension
Xiangling’s ascension in Genshin Impact needs
Agnidus Agate Silver and its upgrades, Everflame Seed, Jueyun Chili, and Slime Condensate.
The exact number of materials she needs is as follows:
Ascension Level
Mora Cost
Materials
1
20,000
Agnidus Agate Sliver x1
–
Jueyun Chili x3
Slime Condensate x3
2
40,000
Agnidus Agate Fragment x3
Everflame Seed x2
Jueyun Chili x10
Slime Condensate x15
3
60,000
Agnidus Agate Fragment x6
Everflame Seed x4
Jueyun Chili x20
Slime Secretions x12
4
80,000
Agnidus Agate Chunk x3
Everflame Seed x8
Jueyun Chili x30
Slime Secretions x18
5
100,000
Agnidus Agate Chunk x6
Everflame Seed x12
Jueyun Chili x45
Slime Concentrate x12
6
120,000
Agnidus Agate Gemstone x6
Everflame Seed x20
Jueyun Chili x60
Slime Concentrate x24
Best Xiangling team comp
HoYoverse
Raiden Shogun is one of the best units to pair alongside Xiangling.
Xiangling can work in a wide range of teams. However, the best one where you can slot her is the National team comprised of
Raiden Shogun
, Xingqiu, Xiangling, and
Bennett
. In this team, Raiden deals damage and helps with Energy Regen. Xingqiu deals minor damage and triggers vaporize reaction. Bennett provides heals and buffs while Xiangling acts as the off-field DPS.
Article continues after ad
Xiangling can work in other vaporize teams as well, so allies like
Kokomi
or
Childe
can fill that role nicely ⁠— even
Ayato
with his Burst. However, Overload comps are also viable with units like
Raiden Shogun
or even
Beidou
.
Article continues after ad
You’ll also probably want some Anemo to keep enemies grouped up, and
Sucrose
is best for that job. While you can use just about any Anemo ally (maybe not Xiao), Sucrose is both low investment and super flexible. You can also use replace Sucrose for Kazuzha if you have him.
Article continues after ad
Xiangling abilities in Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Xiangling’s Pyronado deals massive damage to enemies.
Normal Attack: Dough-Fu
ABILITY NAME
DESCRIPTION
Normal Attack
Xiangling performs up to five consecutive spear strikes.
Charged Attack
Xiangling consumes a certain amount of Stamina to lunge forward, dealing damage to opponents along the way.
Plunging Attack
Xiangling plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Elemental Skill: Guoba Attack
ABILITY NAME
DESCRIPTION
Guoba Attack
Summons Guoba the Panda. Guoba continuously breathes fire at the enemy, dealing
AoE Pyro DMG
.
Elemental Burst: Pyronado
ABILITY NAME
DESCRIPTION
Pyronado
Displaying her mastery over both fire and polearms, Xiangling sends a Pyronado whirling around her.
The Pyronado will move with your character for so long as the ability persists, dealing
Pyro DMG
to all enemies in its path.
Passives
ABILITY NAME
DESCRIPTION
Crossfire
Increases the flame range of Guoba by 20%.
Beware, It’s Super Hot
When
Guoba Attack
‘s effect ends, Guoba leaves a chili pepper on the spot where it disappeared. Picking up a chili pepper increases ATK by 10% for 10s.
Chef de Cuisine
When Xiangling cooks an ATK-boosting dish perfectly, she has a 12% chance to receive double the product.
Xiangling constellations
HoYoverse
Xiangling’s constellations enhance her power significantly.
Got multiple copies of Xiangling? You’ve got some good constellations to boost her power, especially from Level 3 onwards.
Level 1 ⁠— Crispy Outside, Tender Inside:
Opponents hit by Guoba’s attacks have their Pyro RES reduced by 15% for 6s.
Level 2 ⁠— Oil Meets Fire:
The last attack in a Normal Attack sequence applies the Implode status onto the opponent for 2s. An explosion will occur once this duration ends, dealing 75% of Xiangling’s ATK as AoE Pyro DMG.
Level 3 ⁠— Deepfry:
Increases the Level of Pyronado by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4 ⁠— Slowbake:
Pyronado’s duration is increased by 40%.
Level 5 ⁠— Guoba Mad:
Increases the Level of Guoba Attack by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6 ⁠— Condensed Pyronado:
For the duration of Pyronado, all party members receive a 15% Pyro DMG Bonus.
Xiangling pros and cons
While Xiangling is very powerful, there is one weakness that can be a problem for several players. Here are the pros and cons of Xiangling;
Pros
Cons
Massive DPS potential
Energy Recharge is a massive problem
Works in a wide range of teams
Easy to use
Xiangling Trailer
On May 18, 2020, HoYoverse officially released the trailer for Xiangling on their YouTube channel. If you did not check it yet, you can do so from the link provided below:
That’s everything you need to know about Xiangling’s build. For more on the game, check out all the
free characters
you can get,
how the Pity system
works, and whether or not it’s
cross-platform
.
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
More
Genshin Impact
News
Add as a preferred source on Google
Follow on Google News
Featured Articles
Gaming
Resident Evil fan transforms hidden Pragmata website into meme page & it’s a must-see
Gaming
Vinland Saga creator’s Minecraft struggles go viral as his kids take over
TV & Movies
Stranger Things: Tales From ’85 soundtrack – all artists and songs
GTA
GTA insiders respond after being “misquoted” over GTA 6 release date rumors
TV & Movies
Michael Jackson biopic star explains why movie ignores sexual assault allegations
Sign up to Dexerto
For The latest News, Views & Reviews
Better Reading Experience
|
Save Your Favourite Items
Sign up