Xiangling is a playable Pyro character in Genshin Impact. We decided to write this guide to help you learn more about Xiangling. In our Genshin Impact Xiangling Build and Best Team Comp post you will learn about Xiangling’s talents, how they work and how to upgrade them. Also, you will read about her Constellations that will help you make Xiangling even more powerful. After that, we have written Genshin Impact Xiangling Build where you’ll see weapon and artifact set. And at last, we have mentioned the best team comps for Xiangling as the Sub DPS hero.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
The whole information is presented in tables. You can use the navigation bar above to move quickly to the information block that you are most interested in.
Talents
Constellations
Build
Team
Xiangling Build
Below you can see the best weapon option for playing Xiangling in Genshin Impact. Accompanied by the best Xiangling artifact set and its stat priorities.
Sub DPS Build
If you play this champion as a Sub DPS in your comp you should take the weapon and artifacts from the list below. They are believed to be the most effective ones in almost all situations.
Weapon
Engulfing Lightning
Weapon Substitutes:
Skyward Spine
,
Staff of Homa
,
The Catch
.
Artifact Set
Emblem of Severed Fate
(4-Piece)
Artifact Main Stats Priority:
ATK% / Energy Recharge
Pyro DMG Bonus
CRIT Rate / CRIT DMG
Sub Stats Priority: CRIT Rate > CRIT DMG > ATK% > Elemental Mastery / Energy Recharge
Talent Priority
Pyronado > Guoba Attack > Dough-Fu
Best Team Compositions for Xiangling
When you play Genshin Impact everything depends not only on your main character but also on the composition. You should learn how elements complement each other and build the best team for your main. Below you can see the best team composition for Xiangling with Main DPS, sub DPS and Support. Also, we have included alternative characters for each role that go well with Xiangling too.
Xiangling reaches her main potential as sub-dps. A good choice is to par her with Tartaglia. With Xiangling’s Elemental Burst activated Tartaglia can activate Vaporize and deal a lot of DMG in melee form. Kazuha can spread reactions among other enemies and assists in grouping them together. Bennett together with Xiangling activate Pyro resonance that raises damage. In addition, Bennett is a good healer.
Good characters for this comp:
Ganyu, Hu Tao, Raiden Shogun, Rosaria, Zhongli, Xingqiu, Sucrose, Venti, Diona.
If you want to know more about every teammate for Xiangling you can click on the link below and find them in the list of all Genshin Impact characters that we have described.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
In case you are still not sure what champion you want to pick as main we have
Genshin Impact characters tier list
with explanations on how to build your best team.
Xiangling Talents
Below you can see the list of talents that Xiangling uses during the fight. Each of them we have described with the main characteristics.
Dough-Fu
Normal Attack
Normal Attack:
Performs up to five consecutive spear strikes.
Charged Attack:
Consumes a certain amount of Stamina to lunge forward, dealing damage to opponents along the way.
Plunging Attack:
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Guoba Attack
Elemental Skill
Summons Guoba the Panda. Guoba continuously breathes fire at opponents, dealing AoE Pyro DMG.
Pyronado
Elemental Burst
Displaying her mastery over both fire and polearms, Xiangling sends a Pyronado whirling around her. The Pyronado will move with your character for the ability’s duration, dealing Pyro DMG to all opponents in its path.
Crossfire
1st Ascension Passive
Increases the flame range of Guoba by 20%.
Beware, It’s Super Hot!
4th Ascension Passive
When Guoba Attack’s effects end, Guoba leaves a chili pepper on the spot where it disappeared. Picking up a chili pepper increases ATK by 10% for 10s.
Chef de Cuisine
Utility Passive
When a Perfect Cooking is achieved on an ATK-boosting dish, Xiangling has a 12% chance to receive double the product.
Every talent can be upgraded up to level 15. But to do so you will need to gather materials on particular days. The list of the needed materials for leveling Xiangling’s talents is mentioned in the next block.
Talent Leveling Materials
So here you can see all materials that you will need in order to level up Xiangling’s talents.
Talent Level-Up Materials
Diligence Books:
Teachings of Diligence
,
Guide to Diligence
,
Philosophies of Diligence
.
Common Ascension Materials
Slime Condensate
,
Slime Secretions
,
Slime Concentrate
.
Weekly Boss Material
Dvalin’s Claw
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
Some of them are required at the beginning for low levels and others are more advanced. We just wanted to focus your attention on material types in general.
Xiangling Constellations
In Genshin Impact characters have a specific upgrade system called constellation. You will need to get a specific item called Stella Fortuna to increase the level of constellation. Each character has their own version of Stella Fortuna, which you get by obtaining a duplicate of the character from Wishes.
Level 1
Crispy Outside, Tender Inside
Opponents hit by Guoba’s attacks have their Pyro RES reduced by 15% for 6s.
Level 2
Oil Meets Fire
The last attack in a Normal Attack sequence applies the Implode status onto the opponent for 2s. An explosion will occur once this duration ends, dealing 75% of Xiangling’s ATK as AoE Pyro DMG.
Level 3
Deepfry
Increases the Level of Pyronado by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4
Slowbake
Pyronado’s duration is increased by 40%.
Level 5
Guoba Mad
Increases the Level of Guoba Attack by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6
Condensed Pyronado
For the duration of Pyronado, all party members receive a 15% Pyro DMG Bonus.
Every Genshin Impact character has its own set of constellations above you can see Xiangling constellations list with descriptions.
Ascension Materials
In addition, there are ascension phases that increase the level cap for your character. After Xiangling reaches the 20th level she can be ascended to the next ascension phase, up to phase 6, which allow getting 90th level.
Character Ascension Materials
Agnidus Agate:
Agnidus Agate Sliver
,
Agnidus Agate Fragment
,
Agnidus Agate Chunk
,
Agnidus Agate Gemstone
.
Everflame Seed
Common Ascension Materials
Slime Condensate
,
Slime Secretions
,
Slime Concentrate
.
Local Specialty
Jueyun Chili
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
In order to level up ascension phases, you’ll need materials. So the list of those required for Xiangling is listed above.
Artem R.
I have been an avid gamer since childhood. My favorite genres are RPGs, Action, and MMOs. Some of my all-time favorite games include the Diablo and Path of Exile ARPG series, the Dark Souls series, and JRPGs like Xenoblade, Atelier, and the Final Fantasy. I am also a big fan of the PSP and PS Vita, and I currently enjoy gaming on my Nintendo Switch.
Post Views:
8,710
Please share it with your friends
Tags:
Genshin Impact
Post navigation
Previous
Genshin Impact Xinyan Build and Best Team Comp
Next
The List of Free Games Epic Games Store Has