Genshin Impact: Xiangling Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
By
Christina Roffe
Published
Jan 12, 2023, 9:16 AM EST
Christina Roffe is a Guides Specialist from the United States. She has experience writing on games ranging from Nintendo titles to PlayStation titles. She is especially knowledgeable in anything Nintendo and Genshin Impact. Building new characters in Genshin Impact is one of her favorite things to do.
Sign in to your
DualShockers
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Xiangling's Best Builds & Artifact Sets
Xiangling's Best 5-Star & 4-Star Weapons
Xiangling's Best Team Compositions
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Xiangling is a young and renowned chef from the region of Liyue in
Genshin Impact
. She enjoys making the spiciest dishes possible along with her adorable sidekick, Guoba.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Zhongli Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
As a
4-Star Pyro character
, Xiangling is considered one of the best as a Sub-DPS. She has an incredibly impressive Elemental Burst that will keep the Pyro Element applied to enemies and deal constant damage.
Xiangling's Best Builds & Artifact Sets
Xiangling is one of the
best Sub-DPS characters in Genshin Impact
, and is relatively easy to get. She is always available on the
Standard Wish Banner
, and won't require a ton of wishes to obtain. If you are also able to eventually
unlock all 6 of her Constellations
, she will become an even stronger Sub-DPS and provide buffs to her team. As she is mainly focused on dealing damage from her Elemental Burst, here is the best artifact set for her.
4-Set Of Emblem Of Severed Fate
A 2-Set of Emblem of Severed Fate will give Xiangling an Energy Recharge boost of 20 percent. A 4-Set will increase Elemental Burst DMG by 25 percent of Energy Recharge. This effect has a maximum of 75 percent bonus DMG. This artifact set is the
best way to focus on Xiangling's Elemental Burst
as much as possible. You'll receive a
significant boost to Energy Recharge
in order to make sure her Elemental Burst is always available, and the more you increase your Energy Recharge, the stronger her Elemental Burst will be. With this in mind, here are some of the main stats and substats you'll want to pick for each artifact piece.
Type of Artifact
Main Stat
Substats
Sands of Eon
ATK%
Energy Recharge, CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, ATK%, Elemental Mastery
Goblet of Eonothem
Pyro DMG Bonus
Energy Recharge, CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, ATK%, Elemental Mastery
Circlet of Logos
CRIT Rate or CRIT DMG
Energy Recharge, CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, ATK%, Elemental Mastery
Xiangling has a Passive Talent,
'Beware, It's Super Hot!'
, which allows Guoba to drop a chili pepper after Xiangling's Elemental Skill. This will give her a 10 percent increase to her ATK for 10 seconds, so building more on her ATK in her artifacts will add another boost. You'll also want to
focus on Energy Recharge and CRIT Stats
to make sure you are getting the most out of her Elemental Burst.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Ganyu Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Xiangling's Best 5-Star & 4-Star Weapons
As
a Sub-DPS character
, Xiangling will benefit most from
weapons that either increase her Energy Recharge or her CRIT Stats.
This will enhance her Elemental Burst, which is her staple attack and should be the main priority. Here are some of the best weapon options available to her.
5-Star Weapons: Staff Of Homa & Engulfing Lightning
Staff of Homa will give Xiangling a base increase of 14.4 percent to her CRIT DMG. Its Bonus Skill will increase her HP by 20 percent. Also, it will provide an ATK Bonus based on 0.8 percent of Xiangling's Max HP. When her HP is less than 50 percent, this bonus will increase by an additional 1 percent of Max HP. Staff of Homa is a great option for those who want to
focus on increasing Xiangling's all-around damage.
Along with this, you'll receive a decent HP increase to make sure Xiangling
stays active on-field and off-field.
Engulfing Lightning will give Xiangling a base increase of 12 percent to her Energy Recharge. Its Bonus Skill will increase ATK by 28 percent of Energy Recharge over the base 100 percent. With this effect, you can gain a maximum bonus of 80 percent ATK. You will also gain a 30 percent increase to Energy Recharge for 12 seconds after using her Elemental Burst. This is possibly the
best weapon for Xiangling,
despite it being Raiden Shogun's signature weapon. Engulfing Lightning is perfect for those who are
focusing solely on her Elemental Burst, as you will receive an increase to Energy Recharge as well as some bonuses to her ATK to increase her damage.
4-Star Weapons: The Catch & Wavebreaker's Fin
The Catch will give Xiangling a base increase of 10 percent to her Energy Recharge. Its Bonus Skill will increase Elemental Burst DMG by 20 percent and Elemental Burst CRIT Rate by 7.5 percent. As a
Free-to-Play 4-Star weapon option, The Catch
is a fantastic choice for Xiangling. It will give a
straightforward increase to her Elemental Burst's damage output,
while increasing Energy Recharge to keep her Elemental Burst active.
Wavebreaker's Fin will give Xiangling a base increase of 3 percent to her ATK. Its Bonus Skill will increase Elemental Burst DMG by 0.12 percent for every point of the entire party's combined maximum Energy capacity. A maximum of 40 percent increased Elemental Burst DMG can be achieved with this effect. If you find your artifact build for Xiangling is
lacking in ATK%, Wavebreaker's Fin will give that much-needed increase.
You'll also receive significant buffs to Xiangling's Elemental Burst, which is crucial for her build.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Hu Tao Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Xiangling's Best Team Compositions
Xiangling is one of the most diverse Sub-DPS characters, meaning she will
work well in a large variety of team compositions.
Xiangling can provide constant Pyro DMG and application, allowing her team members to
create powerful Elemental Reactions
and deal outstanding damage. Here are some of her best teams.
5-Star Team
With this team, we
highly recommend using Bennett as a Support character in almost all of Xiangling's teams,
but for the sake of choosing a 5-Star character, we have placed Kokomi here. You have the option to choose between either Bennett or Kokomi, who will both heal your characters. Kokomi will provide an
additional element of Hydro
, whereas Bennett will
create Pyro Resonance with Xiangling.
Character
Character Type and Benefits
Ganyu
Main DPS, Can provide incredibly strong Cryo DMG from Charged Attacks and create Melt Reaction with Pyro.
Kokomi
Healer and Support, Can provide consistent healing and Hydro application.
Zhongli
Support, Can provide strong shields and give the team an ATK buff.
4-Star Team
This team is
great for new Genshin Impact players
as all of these characters are relatively easy to access. You will want to
focus on creating the Vaporize Reaction
with this team, which is a mix of Hydro and Pyro. Xingqiu and Xiangling will work together as two Sub-DPS characters to create noteworthy damage, and Sucrose and Bennett will provide additional support.
Character
Character Type and Benefits
Bennett
Healer and Support, Can provide significant healing and large ATK buffs.
Xingqiu
Sub-DPS, Can provide consistent Hydro DMG and application with Elemental Burst to create Vaporize Reaction.
Sucrose
Support, Can provide Crowd Control and create Swirl Reaction to increase damage from Elements.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: Everything You Need To Know About 'Engulfing Lightning' Weapon
Video Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Whose Section Did You Enjoy Playing The Most In Resident Evil Requiem?
Grace
Grace
57.1%
Leon
Leon
42.9%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Windrose’s Success Proves Indie Games Can Easily Outmatch AAA Releases
10 Games to Play if You Love Windrose
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream Review