Walkthroughs
Genshin Impact Xiangling Guide - best build, strengths and weaknesses
All you need to know about Xiangling
By
Bryan Taylor
|
Sep 19, 2021
iOS
+
Android
|
Genshin Impact
Prefer Pocket Gamer on Google
X
Facebook
Reddit
Welcome to Pocket Gamer's detailed
Genshin Impact Xiangling guide
! Xiangling is a renowned chef from Liyue, who is currently the Head Chef of the Wanmin Restaurant. Xiangling’s father taught her how to cook, and she often loves to experiment with new ingredients and recipes, including some that others might find gross.
Due to her unconventional ways of cooking, she has become highly acclaimed in both Mondstadt and Liyue. Xiangling doesn’t do what she does for Mora, however, as she will cook just to see a smile on a customer’s face.
In the guide below you will find the following features:
General Info & how to get Xiangling
Strengths & Weaknesses
Best Build (Artifacts & Weapons
)
Best Party Members for Xiangling
Talents / Skills / Passive
Talent Leveling Materials
Constellations
Ascensions costs
Xiangling Wishes / Availability
Character Appearance
Xiangling Element / Tier / Rarity / Weapon
Pyro / S Tier / 4* Rarity / Polearm
In Genshin Impact, Xiangling is a strong Polearm-wielding Pyro user who has one of the fastest attacks in the game. Her Burst is a great tool for not only doing AoE Pyro damage but setting up for others to switch in and cause reactions.
How to get Xiangling
You can easily obtain Xiangling by reaching Adventure Rank 20 and completing Floor 3, Chamber 3 of the Spiral Abyss Challenge. She is also available in the standard wish banner, Wanderlust Invocation, and is featured in 4 of the Event Wishes.
Genshin Impact Xiangling Combat Info (Strengths and Weaknesses)
Strengths
Her Burst reaches pretty far and stays on the field
Xiangling has high attack speed
Weaknesses
Gouba can be difficult to aim properly
Gouba also takes a moment to attack again and is not a constant source of Pyro damage
Here are
some Genshin Impact codes
as a thank you for reading this!
Best Build for Xiangling in Genshin Impact
Xiangling is great for DPS, as she not only has strong Pyro attacks but dishes out a lot of Physical DMG. You can choose which way you want to play her, which makes her versatile. If you use the Skyward Spine polearm, you can increase her speed even further, plus amplify her CRIT rate. Use the Crimson Witch of Flames artifact set to add a significant boost to her Pyro DMG output.
Xiangling - Best Artifacts and Weapons
Crimson Witch of Flames
Energy Recharge / Pyro DMG / CRIT DMG
Set Bonuses:
(2) Gain a 15% Pyro DMG Bonus.
(4) Increases Overloaded and Burning DMG by 40%. Increases Vaporize and Melt DMG by 15%. Using an Elemental Skill increases 2-Piece Set effects by 50% for 10s. Max 3 stacks.
How to Obtain:
Hidden Palace of Zhou Formula Domain reward.
Skyward Spine
Base Attack:
48
Rating:
5*
Bonus Effect:
Energy Recharge 8%
Skill: Blackwing
Increases CRIT Rate by 8% and increases Normal ATK SPD by 12%. Additionally, Normal and Charged Attacks hits on opponents have a 50% chance to trigger a vacuum blade that deals 40% of ATK as DMG in a small AoE. This effect can occur no more than once every 2s.
How to Obtain:
Gacha
Best Party Members to match Xiangling with in Genshin Impact
Premium (Gacha) Team
In Genshin Impact, Xiangling is a strong DPS with fierce, fast flurries of attacks, who can choose to focus on her Pyro abilities or her Physical attacks. Use
Bennett
to heal and resonate with Xiangling for even more boost.
Sucrose
can help the team by grouping enemies and offer opportunities to add combos to her Anemo attacks.
Rosaria
is a good choice for this team, as her ability to cause the reaction Melt when you combine her Cryo with Pyro is a great reaction to keep spreading.
F2P Team
Xiangling is your DPS on this team, staying on the field the majority of the time.
Barbara
can help keep her HP up with her healing abilities, plus she can work with Xiangling to activate Vaporize. Use
Amber
to boost Pyro resonance and attack from a distance.
Kaeya
is another great addition, as he can use his Cryo to cause Melt and can provide additional damage support when Xiangling is off the field.
Talents / Skills / Passive
Dough-Fu - Normal Attack
Normal:
Performs up to five consecutive spear strikes.
Charge Attack:
Consumes a certain amount of Stamina to lunge forward, dealing damage to enemies along the way.
Plunge Attack:
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging enemies along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Skill Attributes:
1-Hit DMG
42.1%
2-Hit DMG
42.1%
3-Hit DMG
26.1% + 26.1%
4-Hit DMG
14.1% x 4
5-Hit DMG
71%
Charged Attack DMG
- 122%
Charged Attack Stamina Cost
- 25
Plunge DMG
- 63.9%
Low/High Plunge DMG
- 128% / 160%
Guoba Attack - Elemental Skill
Summons Guoba the Panda. Guoba continuously breathes fire at the enemy, dealing AoE Pyro DMG.
Flame DMG
- 111%
CD
- 12s
Pyronado - Elemental Burst
Displaying her mastery over both fire and polearms, Xiangling sends a Pyronado whirling around her.
The Pyronado will move with your character for so long as the ability persists, dealing Pyro DMG to all enemies in its path.
Skill Attributes
1-Hit Swing DMG
- 72%
2-Hit Swing DMG
- 88%
3-Hit Swing DMG
- 110%
Duration
- 10s
CD
- 20s
Energy Cost
- 80
Crossfire - 1st Ascension Passive
Increases the flame range of Guoba by 20%.
Beware, It’s Super Hot! - 4th Ascension Passive
When Guoba Attack's effect ends, Guoba leaves a chili pepper on the spot where it disappeared. Picking up a chili pepper increases ATK by 10% for 10s.
Chef de Cuisine - Unlocked Automatically
When Xiangling cooks an ATK-boosting dish perfectly, she has a 12% chance to receive double the product.
Talent Leveling Materials
Gained from Enemy Drops (Slimes):
Slime Condensate
Slime Secretions
Slime Concentrate
Acquired from Domains (Thursday/Friday/Sunday):
Teachings of Diligence
Guide to Diligence
Philosophies of Diligence
Obtained after defeating Bosses (Dvalin Challenge):
Dvalin’s Claw
Constellations
Crispy Outside, Tender Inside
Enemies hit by Guoba's attacks have their Pyro RES reduced by 15% for 6s.
Oil Meets Fire
The last attack in a Normal Attack sequence applies the Implode status onto the enemy for 2s. An explosion will occur once this duration ends, dealing 75% of Xiangling's ATK as AoE Pyro DMG.
Deepfry
Increases the Level of Pyronado by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Slowbake
Pyronado's duration is increased by 40%.
Guoba Mad
Increases the Level of Guoba Attack by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Condensed Pyronado
For the duration of Pyronado, all party members receive a 15% Pyro DMG Bonus.
Genshin Impact Xiangling Ascensions costs
Phase 1
Lv.20→Lv.40
Mora Cost: 20,000
Jueyun Chili ×3
Agnidus Agate Sliver ×1
Slime Condensate ×3
Phase 2
Lv.40→Lv.50
Jueyun Chili ×10
Agnidus Agate Fragment ×3
Slime Condensate ×15
Everflame Seed ×2
Phase 3
Lv.50→Lv.60
Mora Cost: 60,000
Jueyun Chili ×20
Agnidus Agate Fragment ×6
Slime Secretions ×12
Everflame Seed ×4
Phase 4
Lv.60→Lv.70
Mora Cost: 80,000
Jueyun Chili ×20
Agnidus Agate Chunk ×3
Slime Secretions ×18
Everflame Seed ×8
Phase 5
Lv.70→Lv.80
Mora Cost: 100,000
Jueyun Chili ×45
Agnidus Agate Chunk ×6
Slime Concentrate ×12
Everflame Seed ×12
Phase 6 (MAX)
Lv.80→Lv.90
Mora Cost: 120,000
Jueyun Chili ×60
Agnidus Agate Gemstone ×6
Slime Concentrate ×24
Everflame Seed ×20
Base Stats
At Level 1, Xiangling starts with 912 HP, 19 ATK, and 56 DEF.
Wishes / Availability
Xiangling can be obtained in the Standard Banner, Wanderlust Invocation. She is also featured in the Spiral Abyss Event - People’s Choice.
You know, we also have a
Genshin Impact tier list
if you want to check how well Xiangling performs in comparison to other characters! Also, stay aware, soon enough we plan to make a Genshin Impact characters hub with all of the available characters and their detailed guides!
Bryan Taylor
Bryan has a passion for writing and has been gaming since the 80s. His favourite games include Super Metroid, Chrono Trigger, and Rez, and he joins us bringing his vast knowledge of games to the team.
Next Up :
Dicero beginner's guide - 5 tips for mastering the dice