Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Escoffier materials, kit, and Constellations
Ascension and Talent materials for Escoffier.
Image credit:
Eurogamer/HoYoverse
Guide
by
Jessica Orr
Senior Guides Writer
Updated on
Feb. 13, 2026
Follow Genshin Impact
Escoffier
is a 5-Star Cryo character who debuted in
Genshin Impact
during version 5.6.
While Escoffier is featured as the boosted 5-Star character on her La Chanson Cerise Banner in version 6.4, she will eventually return to
Genshin Impact
at some point in the future when the
Banner schedule
cycles back to her.
If you want to prepare for her, we've listed
Escoffier's Ascension materials
and
Talent materials
so you can level her up to her full potential right away. To understand how you might play her, we've also detailed
Escoffier's kit
and
Constellations
.
On this page:
Escoffier's kit
Escoffier Ascension materials
Escoffier Talent materials
Escoffier Constellations
To see this content please enable targeting cookies.
Manage cookie settings
Escoffier kit
Escoffier is a
5-Star Cryo character who uses a polearm
, and keeping in mind that all of the percentages mentioned below are based on Level 1 Skills, here's a summary of
Escoffier's kit in Genshin Impact
:
Element
: Cryo.
Rarity
: 5-Star.
Weapon
: Polearm.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Normal Attack
: Kitchen Skills.
Elemental Skill
: Low-Temperature Cooking.
Elemental Burst
: Scoring Cuts.
Passive one
: Better to Salivate Than Medicate - After using her Elemental Burst, Escoffier will obtain the Rehab Diet effect for nine seconds, restoring HP for nearby active characters every second based on 138.24% of Escoffier's attack.
Passive two
: Constant Off-the-Cuff Cookery - When using the Hold form of her Elemental Skill, Escoffier will activate her All-Spectrum Multi-Use Cooking Mek in its Off-the-Cuff Cookery mode. This mode places the Cooking Mek on the field, and the Mek can absorb elemental attacks. When the absorbed elemental energy hits a certain limit, Escoffier can convert the ingredients placed within it into wonderful food. Escoffier needs time to purchase new ingredients, so she can only make a certain number of dishes like this each week. The number of dishes Escoffier can make resets every Monday at 4am (GMT-5).
Passive three
: Inspiration-Immersed Seasoning - When there is 1/2/3/4 Hydro or Cryo characters in the party, Escoffier will decrease the Hydro Resistance and Cryo Resistance of any opponents hit by her Elemental Skill or her Elemental Burst by 5%/10%/15%/55% for 12 seconds.
Escoffier Normal Attack - Kitchen Skills
Escoffier performs up to three consecutive spear strikes if tapping the normal attack button. Holding it down instead makes Escoffier consume a certain amount of Stamina to perform an upward thrust.
As with most plunging attacks, Escoffier plunges from mid-air and strikes the ground below for AOE Damage damage on impact, damaging opponents along her path.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Escoffier Elemental Skill - Low-Temperature Cooking
Escoffier demonstrates different cooking techniques when you tap or hold her Skill button.
Tapping the button activates her All-Spectrum Multi-Use Cooking Mek in its Cold Storage mode and deals AOE Cryo Damage to nearby opponents. When the Cooking Mek is in its Cold Storage Mode, it follows the current active character and fires Frosty Parfaits at nearby opponents in intervals, dealing Cryo Damage.
At intervals, Escoffier will summon a Surging Blade when activating her Cooking Mek in Cold Storage mode, dealing Ousia-aligned AOE Cryo Damage.
Holding down the Skill button instead activates her Cooking Mek's Off-the-Cuff Cookery mode.
Escoffier Elemental Burst - Scoring Cuts
Displaying her exceptional knife skills, Escoffier deals AOE Cryo Damage and restores HP to all nearby party members based on her attack.
Escoffier Talent materials
Eroded Horn. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
To get the most out of using Escoffier, you will have to level her skills up by using Talent materials, which vary from character-to-character.
For Escoffier, you'll need to farm a lot of Gear and Justice materials (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade her capabilities.
As Escoffier has three Talents, you will have to spend three times the Talent materials listed below to fully upgrade all of her abilities, which we've also detailed below the table.
Here's what Escoffier Talent materials you need to improve one of her abilities:
Escoffier Talent level
Escoffier Talent materials
Mora cost
Level 2
x3 Teachings of Justice, x6 Meshing Gear
12,500
Level 3
x2 Guide to Justice, x3 Mechanical Spur Gear
17,500
Level 4
x4 Guide to Justice, x4 Mechanical Spur Gear
25,000
Level 5
x6 Guide to Justice, x6 Mechanical Spur Gear
30,000
Level 6
x9 Guide to Justice, x9 Mechanical Spur Gear
37,500
Level 7
x4 Philosophies of Justice, x4 Artificed Dynamic Gear, x1 Eroded Horn
120,000
Level 8
x6 Philosophies of Justice, x6 Artificed Dynamic Gear, x1 Eroded Horn
260,000
Level 9
x12 Philosophies of Justice, x9 Artificed Dynamic Gear, x2 Eroded Horn
450,000
Level 10
x16 Philosophies of Justice, x12 Artificed Dynamic Gear, x2 Eroded Horn, x1 Crown of Insight
700,000
Here's what Talent Materials you'll need to fully upgrade
one
of Escoffier's skills:
x1 Crown of Insight
x3 Teachings of Justice
x6 Meshing Gear
x6 Eroded Horn
x21 Guide to Justice
x22 Mechanical Spur Gear
x31 Artificed Dynamic Gear
x38 Philosophies of Justice
1,652,500 Mora
To upgrade all
three
of Escoffier's skills, here's all the Talent Materials you'll need:
x3 Crown of Insight
x9 Teachings of Justice
x18 Meshing Gear
x18 Eroded Horn
x63 Guide to Justice
x66 Mechanical Spur Gear
x93 Artificed Dynamic Gear
x114 Philosophies of Justice
4,957,500 Mora
Version 6.4 Phase 2 sees the returning 5-Star
Skirk
and a rerun of
Escoffier
. 

So don't forget to redeem
new codes
for
Primogems
to help pull them, and check out our regularly updated
tier list
.

You need luck from the
Pity and 50/50 systems
to
Wish with Fate
for characters on
Banners
, and you always need the right
Adventure Rank
for events.

Elsewhere, we have
tips and tricks for beginners
.
Escoffier Ascension materials
Beryl Conch. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Just like Talents, you need to use Escoffier Ascension materials to upgrade her health, attack, defence, and critical hit effectiveness.
You'll need to farm a lot of Beryl Conch and Gear materials for Escoffier (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade her capabilities.
Unlike Talent materials, you only need to spend the below Ascension materials once to fully raise Escoffier to her highest character level. There is also Acquaint Fate rewarded for reaching certain Ascension levels. You can spend this Fate on the
standard and beginner Banners
to Wish for characters and weapons.
Here's what Escoffier Ascension materials and Mora you need to upgrade her for each Ascension level:
Escoffier Ascension level
Escoffier Ascension materials
Mora cost
Ascension reward
Level 20
x1 Shivada Jade Sliver, x3 Beryl Conch, x3 Meshing Gear
20,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 40
x3 Shivada Jade Fragment, x2 Secret Source Airflow Accumulator, x10 Beryl Conch, x15 Meshing Gear
40,000
None
Level 50
x6 Shivada Jade Fragment, x4 Secret Source Airflow Accumulator, x20 Beryl Conch, x12 Mechanical Spur Gear
60,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 60
x3 Shivada Jade Chunk, x8 Secret Source Airflow Accumulator, x30 Beryl Conch, x18 Mechanical Spur Gear
80,000
None
Level 70
x6 Shivada Jade Chunk, x12 Secret Source Airflow Accumulator, x45 Beryl Conch, x12 Artificed Dynamic Gear
100,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 80
x6 Shivada Jade Gemstone, x20 Secret Source Airflow Accumulator, x60 Beryl Conch, x24 Artificed Dynamic Gear
120,000
None
In total, here's
all the Ascension Materials
you need for Escoffier in Genshin Impact:
x1 Shivada Jade Sliver
x6 Shivada Jade Gemstone
x9 Shivada Jade Fragment
x9 Shivada Jade Chunk
x18 Meshing Gear
x30 Mechanical Spur Gear
x36 Artificed Dynamic Gear
x46 Secret Source Airflow Accumulator
x168 Beryl Conch
420,000 Mora
Escoffier Constellations
By getting duplicates of Escoffier from wishing on her Banner, you will receive her Stella Fortuna. This material allows you to unlock Constellation levels, with each upgrade either improving an existing Talent or Passive ability.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Here are all of
Escoffier's Constellations in Genshin Impact
:
Pre-Dinner Dance for Your Taste Buds (C1)
: When four party members are Hydro or Cryo, all nearby party members will have their Cryo Damage Crit Damage increased by 60% for 15 seconds after Escoffier uses her Elemental Skill or Elemental Burst.
Fresh, Fragrant Stew Is an Art (C2)
: When Escoffier activates her Cooking Mek in its Cold Storage mode, she will gain the 'Freshly-Prepped Delicacy' effect for 15 seconds. During this time, Escoffier will gain five Cold Dish stacks. When nearby active characters apart from Escoffier deal Cryo Damage with a normal, charged, or plunging attack, or an Elemental Skill or Elemental Burst, they will expend one Cold Dish stack to increase their damage dealt by 240% of Escoffier's attack. If you hit multiple opponents with a single instance of Cryo Damage, Cold Dish stacks will be consumed based on the number of opponents hit.
The Bakery Magic of Caramel Browning (C3)
: Increases the Level of Escoffier's Elemental Skill by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Secret Rosemary Recipe (C4)
: Rehab Diet lasts six more seconds. While it is active, you have a chance of healing 100% extra HP and restoring two Energy to Escoffier when you trigger healing through Rehab Diet. This chance corresponds to Escoffier's Crit Rate. You can trigger this effect seven times during any one Rehab Diet's duration.
Symphony of a Thousand Sauces (C5)
: Increases the Level of Escoffier's Elemental Burst by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Tea Parties Bursting With Color (C6)
: Cooking Mek: Cold Storage Mode is enhanced: When your party's active character's normal, charged, or plunging attacks hit opponents, Cooking Mek: Cold Storage Mode will fire off another Special-Grade Frozen Parfait, dealing 500% of Escoffier's attack as AOE Cryo Damage. This damage is considered Elemental Skill Damage. This effect can be triggered once every 0.5 seconds, and this effect can be triggered six times within the duration of one Cooking Mek: Cold Storage Mode.
Good luck levelling up Escoffier in Genshin Impact!