miHoYo
Escoffier is the newest 5-star unit to join the Genshin Impact roster. She is a Cryo support character that can boost the damage of Cryo and Hydro units by an unbelievable amount and is highly regarded as one of the better Cryo support units in the game. With Escoffier’s release, a lot of Cryo units were brought back to life and can finally deal damage, but Escoffier is not only a buffer. Her personal damage is nothing to scoff at as well, and in this guide, we’ll show you just how to build her to get the most out of both her support and DPS capabilities.
Table of Contents
Escoffier Overview
Escoffier Best Weapon
Escoffier Best Artifact Set
Skill Priority
Escoffier Overview
Name:
Escoffier
Constellation:
Dulciaria Structura
Rarity:
5-star
Element:
Cryo
Weapon:
Catalyst
VA
Sato Satomi (JP)
Emily Cass (EN)
Escoffier is an amazing buffer who scales with ATK%, allowing her to also act as a pseudo DPS thanks to the ridiculously high multiplier on her Elemental Skill. Couple this with the fact that she can shred Cryo and Hydro RES by up to 55% and that she can also heal, and you have one amazing support unit. With the introduction of Escoffier, a lot of Cryo units became viable again, with Ayaka and Wriothesley being just some examples, but you can’t start using those units until you first build Escoffier, so let’s see how that is done!
Advertisement
Escoffier Best Weapon
Rank
W-Engine
Effect
1
Symphonist of Scents
ATK is increased by
12%
. When the equipping character is off-field, ATK is increased by an additional
12%
. After initiating healing, the equipping character and the character(s) they have healed will obtain the
"Sweet Echoes"
effect, increasing their ATK by
32%
for
3s
. This effect can be triggered even if the equipping character is off-field.
2
Engulfing Lightning
ATK increased by
28%
of Energy Recharge over the base
100%
. You can gain a maximum bonus of
80%
ATK. Gain
30%
Energy Recharge for
12s
after using an Elemental Burst.
FREE TO PLAY
3
Tamayuratei no Ohanashi
Increase ATK by
20%
and Movement SPD by
10%
for
10s
when using an Elemental Skill.
When it comes to weapons, Escoffier’s best-in-slot is without a doubt her signature weapon, the Symphonist of Scents. This weapon gives Escoffier an amazing boost to her CRIT DMG and ATK%, while also boosting the ATK% of the rest of the team, making it both an amazing DPS and support weapon and the best choice for Escoffier. However, not everyone will have the pulls to get the Symphonist of Scents, so if you’d like to go for an alternative, then the F2P-friendly Tamayuratei no Ohanashi is a great choice!
Advertisement
Escoffier Best Artifact Set
Rank
Artifact
Effect
1
Golden Troupe
2-Piece
: Increases Elemental Skill DMG by
20%
.
4-Piece
: Increases Elemental Skill DMG by
25%
. Additionally, when not on the field, Elemental Skill DMG will be further increased by
25%
. This effect will be cleared
2s
after taking the field.
Main Stats
Sands
Goblet
Circlet
ATK%
ATK%
CRIT Rate / CRIT DMG
Substat Priority
CRIT Rate / CRIT DMG > ATK% > Energy Recharge
As for artifacts, you generally want to use the Golden Troupe set on Escoffier to get the most damage out of her Elemental Skill, which, as we said before, has some ridiculous multipliers!
Advertisement
Skill Priority
Skill Priority
Elemental Skill > Elemental Burst > Basic Attack
Finally, for skill priority, you first want to focus on Escoffier’s Elemental Skill, followed by her Elemental Burst, and lastly her Basic Attack, if you want to, but it is not generally needed.
Advertisement