The Best Escoffier Teams In Genshin Impact
By
Sanyam Jain
Published
May 7, 2025, 4:44 AM EDT
Sanyam Jain is a Staff Writer at TheGamer who has worked as a professional gaming journalist since 2022. A Journalism and Mass Communication graduate, he has been testing the limits of the games he plays for as long as he can remember.
An expert in RPG, Open-World, and Gacha games, Sanyam's articles are based on hours upon hours of testing with every new character, mechanic, or puzzle to ensure that you get every information you'll need about it.
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Best Escoffier Team
Hydro Main DPS Team With Escoffier
Neuvillette Team
Mualani Team
Escoffier F2P-Friendly Team
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Thread
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Genshin Impact's
character roster is constantly expanding with new characters ranging from seven different elements and five weapon types. Escoffier is one such character who was released during the Version 5.6 update with Cryo as her element and Polearm as her weapon.
Related
Genshin Impact: Escoffier Build Guide
These are the weapons and artifacts you'd want to use on Escoffier if you want to get the most value from her in Genshin Impact.
Posts
By
Sanyam Jain
Hailing from Fontaine, the big thing about Escoffier is her passive that provides a ton of Hydro and Cryo RES shred to her party members. She brings Freeze teams back into the meta, and you can use her alongside these characters to easily beat the endgame content.
Best Escoffier Team
Kamisato Ayaka/Wriothesley
Main DPS
Escoffier
Sub-DPS/Support
Shenhe
Buffer
Furina
Sub-DPS/Buffer
The general things you need to know about Escoffier before diving into her teams are that she can deal some respectable off-field damage with her Skill,
while her Burst heals the entire party with the first trigger
and then the active character every second for the next nine seconds. However, the unique aspect of her kit is one of the passives.
With this passive, she can decrease the enemy's
Hydro and Cryo RES by up to 55 percent when you have four members from these two elements
in the party. This RES shred goes down to 15 percent if you have any less than four, while decreasing even further if you have only one or two Hydro and Cryo characters.
This makes Escoffier niche in a way that she's
only good with full Freeze teams since you need that 55 percent RES
shred to make her valuable.
With that in mind, Escoffier's
best team consists of a main Cryo DPS followed by her, Shenhe, and Furina
, especially if you have her first constellation since this gives all Cryo characters in your party an additional 60 percent Crit DMG. The best Cryo character to fill the
main role in this team is Kamisato Ayaka
, though you can also use Wriothesley as a decent replacement.
Apart from Escoffier, Shenhe is also a great support for Cryo main DPS units since she can
give them extra damage and reduce the opponent's Cryo and Physical RES
further. Finally, Furina is the main Hydro applicator in this team to trigger the Freeze reaction to make things easier for Ayaka. Moreover, her Burst can increase the team's overall damage as long as your allies have HP to lose.
To facilitate proper usage of Furina's Burst, it's
important to stack as much ATK as possible on Escoffier
.
Ideally, you'd want to
fully heal your characters every time you trigger Escoffier's Burst
so that Furina can use their HP to gain her points.
Here's what the rotation for this team should look like:
Start with Furina's Skill and Burst since it lasts the longest time, and
then switch over to Escoffier to use her Skill and Burst
.
After that, quickly do the same for Shenhe before
switching to Ayaka and executing her combination
.
You'd want to use the Hold stance of Shenhe's skill and use a
few basic attacks on Ayaka first to use Shenhe's stacks
. After that, you can use her Skill into the Burst and attack the enemies for a little while before switching back to Furina and repeating the cycle.
Hydro Main DPS Team With Escoffier
Neuvillette/Mualani
Main DPS
Escoffier
Sub-DPS/Support
Furina/Yelan
Sub-DPS/Support
Shenhe/Xingqiu
Support
If you're using Escoffier without her first constellation, you can also use her
alongside a Hydro main DPS like Mualani
or Neuvillette. T
he latter has been in the meta ever since his release
, while the former fell off soon after hers since the following Natlan characters had better utility and overall usage. Mualani's clunkiness in battle also didn't help her situation.
If you're using Neuvillette with Escoffier, the
other two members in your team can be Furina and Shenhe or Citlali
. This is mainly because Neuvillette uses Charged Attacks, and you
won't be able to trigger the additional damage from Yelan or Xingqiu with him
. On the other hand, Mualani can make good use of these two characters in her team.
Citlali provides more utility
in Neuvillette's team since
she can reduce the enemy's Hydro RES
after you trigger the Frozen reaction.
However, if you want Escoffier to deal a bit more damage, you can use Shenhe,
though the overall damage of the team will be less
.
Here are the rotations for both of these teams:
Neuvillette Team
For this team, you'd want to
start with Neuvillette's Skill
so that you can
create three spheres on the ground
and put the ability on cooldown.
After that, switch to Furina and use her Skill and Burst followed by Citlali doing the same. You'll
need a lot of Energy Recharge on Citlali for this team
so that she can have a good uptime.
Then, switch over to Escoffier and quickly use her Skill into Burst followed by Neuvillette
using his first Charged Attack with the spheres you created initially
.
Finally, you can use Neuvillette's Skill and Burst again
before using three more Charged Attacks
. By the time these are done, you can switch back to Furina and repeat the rotation. From the second repetition, you won't have the initial three spheres for Neuvillette.
Mualani Team
The rotations for this team are much tighter, and you'll also need higher Energy Recharge on Escoffier since she's the only Cryo unit. However,
you don't always need her Burst since no character in this team is reducing your HP
.
Start by using both
Xingqiu's and Yelan's Skill and Burst followed by Escoffier
. This will already use up all the buffs you need to give Mualani.
Now, switch over to Mualani and activate her Skill. Within the Skill, you have to
run through your opponents thrice before using a buffed Normal Attack
, which will also trigger the extra damage instances from Yelan and Xingqiu.
It's important to do Mualani's attacks as fast as possible since your Nightsoul gets used up quite fast, and you can
regenerate it a bit with the pufferfish that spawns after the buffed normal attack
.
Escoffier F2P-Friendly Team
Freminet
Main DPS
Escoffier
Sub-DPS/Support
Xingqiu
Sub-DPS/Hydro Applicator
Mika
Buffer
Out of all the mainstream gacha games, Genshin Impact is the most F2P-friendly since it has a
ton of four stars that can replace the five-star characters in any team
. This is especially helpful if you're new to the game and want to use Escoffier without waiting for multiple updates until you can have her best team.
Escoffier's F2P team consists of Freminet, Xingqiu, and Mika, and they all have a very specific role to play. Freminet is a main DPS who can
deal both Physical and Cryo damage based on his Pers Timer's level
after activating his Skill. Since he deals both types of damage, Mika plays a big role in the team as he can buff Freminet's Physical DMG as well.
Apart from giving Freminet multiple stacks that each increase his Physical DMG by 10 percent,
Mika can also increase his attack speed
.
This is quite important since
Freminet is a Claymore character
with inherently slow attacks.
Finally, Xingqiu is a Hydro applicator of the team,
allowing Freminet to trigger multiple Shatter instances
. This can help you increase his Crit DMG by quite a bit if you have his final constellation activated. Here's what the rotation for this team should look like:
Start by using the Skill into the Burst for
Xingqiu, Mika, and Escoffier in that order
. This will trigger the Hydro application, Physical DMG increase, and Cryo RES shred for Freminet. Make sure to use the Hold instance of Mika's Skill.
After that, you can switch to Freminet and
activate his Skill first, perform four Basic Attacks, and then the Burst
. The Burst essentially lets you use his Skill constantly for the next ten seconds.
In this time, you can keep repeating the same attacks
by using Freminet's Skill into four to five Basic Attacks
.
Next
Genshin Impact: Best Team Compositions For Iansan
These team compositions will help you get the most out of Iansan in Genshin Impact.
Posts
By
Rishov Mukherjee
Live-Service Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
26.4%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
19.8%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.0%
007 First Light
007 First Light
9.2%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.5%
Other
Other
21.1%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
A Team Of Modders Have Turned GTA: San Andreas Into Manhunt, Rockstar's Most Controversial Release
Clair Obscur's Cast Proves That You Don't Have To Be A Gamer To Respect Games
Leak Suggests Halo Studios Plans On Chasing The Extraction Shooter Trend