Trending
Daredevil: Born Again Season 2
Crimson Desert
Invincible Season 4
Twitch
Seven Deadly Sins: Origin
Gaming
Genshin Impact
Best Amber Genshin Impact build: Artifacts, weapons, more
by
Cassidy Stephenson
Published:
Feb 19, 2024, 17:59
Save for later
Save for later
Get Notifications for Gaming News
Amber is one of the first characters who players meet in
Genshin Impact
. If you’re looking to build her, we’ve got you covered.
As the only Outrider of Mondstadt’s Knights of Favonius, players meet Amber very early on in the game. She can be obtained by completing the Archon Quest Wind-Riding Knight from Prologue: Act I – The Outlander Who Caught the Wind.
In terms of combat, Amber doesn’t score too well on Genshin Impact’s tier list. The character’s only pluses are distracting enemies with her Elemental Skill and for exploration purposes.
Article continues after ad
Nevertheless, if you’re still looking to build this
Pyro unit
, keep reading for our recommended Artifacts, weapons, and more.
Contents
Amber abilities
Amber Constellations
Best Amber Artifacts
Best Amber weapons
Amber Talent Level-up and Ascension Materials
Best Amber team comp
Amber trailer
Amber abilities in Genshin Impact
Normal Attack: Sharpshooter
Normal Attack: Performs up to 5 consecutive shots with a bow.
Charged Attack: Perform a more precise Aimed Shot with increased DMG. While aiming, flames will accumulate on the arrowhead. A fully charged flaming arrow will deal Pyro DMG.
Plunging Attack: Fires off a shower of arrows in mid-air before falling and striking the ground, dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Elemental Skill: Explosive Puppet
Baron Bunny
Continuously taunts the enemy, drawing their fire.
Baron Bunny’s HP scales with Amber’s Max HP.
When destroyed or when its timer expires, Baron Bunny explodes, dealing AoE Pyro DMG.
Hold
Adjusts the throwing direction of Baron Bunny.
The longer the button is held, the further the throw.
Elemental Burst: Fiery Rain
Fires off a shower of arrows, dealing continuous AoE Pyro DMG.
Amber Constellations in Genshin Impact
Did you pull multiple copies of Amber? Here are what buffs you can expect from her Constellations
Article continues after ad
Level One – One Arow to Rule Them All:
Fires 2 arrows per Aimed Shot. The second arrow deals 20% of the first arrow’s DMG.
Level Two – Bunny Triggered:
Baron Bunny, new and improved! Hitting Baron Bunny’s foot with a fully charged Aimed Shot manually detonates it. Explosion via manual detonation deals 200% DMG.
Level Three – It Burns!:
Increases the Level of Fiery Rain by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level Four – It’s Not Just Any Doll..:
Decreases Explosive Puppet’s CD by 20%. Adds 1 additional charge.
Level Five – It’s Baron Bunny!:
Increases the Level of Explosive Puppet by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level Six – Wildfire
: Fiery Rain increases the entire party’s Movement SPD by 15% and ATK by 15% for 10s.
Best Amber Artifacts in Genshin Impact
We recommend running the
4-piece Emblem of Severed Fate
on Amber as a Burst Sub-DPS. This set will increase her Energy Recharge by 20% in addition to improving her Elemental Burst DMG by 25% of Energy Recharge.
Article continues after ad
Alternatively, you could place the
4-piece Noblesse Oblige
set on Amber. These Artifacts will not only increase her Elemental Burst DMG but will also buff party members’ ATK by 20% for 12 seconds after using Fiery Rain.
Artifact
Set Bonuses
Emblem of Severed Fate
2-piece:
Energy Recharge +20%.
4-piece:
Increases Elemental Burst DMG by 25% of Energy Recharge. A maximum of 75% bonus DMG can be obtained in this way.
Noblesse Oblige
2-piece:
Elemental Burst DMG +20%.
4-piece:
Using an Elemental Burst increases all party members’ ATK by 20% for 12s. This effect cannot stack.
Best Amber weapons in Genshin Impact
The best weapon choice for Amber is the 5-star option
Elegy for the End
to increase both her Elemental Mastery and ATK by consuming sigils. You will gain sigils by using Amber’s Elemental Skill or Elemental Burst every .2s even when she is not in use.
Related
Best Sparxie Honkai Star Rail build: Team, Light Cones, Eidolons, and Abilities
Genshin Impact tier list: Best characters as of update 5.4
Best Raiden Shogun Genshin Impact build: Artifacts, weapons & team comp
Article continues after ad
Another choice is the 5-star
Skyward Harp
to increase Amber’s CRIT DMG by 20% in addition to having a chance to inflict an AoE attack to deal 125% Physical ATK DMG.
If you don’t want to potentially waste a 5-star weapon on Amber, we recommend using the 4-star
Favonius Warbow
.  This will grant Amber a chance to generate Elemental Particles that will restore her Energy.
Article continues after ad
Weapon
Details
Elegy for the End
Increased Elemental Mastery by 60. Gain sigils when dealing damage with Elemental Skill or Burst every .2s even when off-field. At 4 sigils, all sigils will be consumed and Elemental Mastery is increased by 100 and ATK increased by 20% for 12s. Once the effect is triggered, you cannot gain Sigils for 20s. The same buffs from the Millennial Movement series does not stack.
Skyward Harp
Increases CRIT DMG by 20%. Hits have a 60% chance to inflict a small AoE attack, dealing 125% Physical ATK DMG. Can only occur once every 4s.
Favonius Warbow
CRIT Hits have a 60% chance to generate a small amount of Elemental Particles, which will regenerate 6 Energy for the character. Can only occur once every 12s.
Amber Talent Level-up and Ascension Materials
The following tables contain what materials you’ll need to gather to level up Amber’s Talents and fully ascend the character:
Article continues after ad
Ascension Level
Mora Cost
Materials
1
20000
Agnidus Agate Silver x3
Firm Arrowhead x3
Small Lamp Grass x3
2
40000
Agnidus Agate Fragment x3
Firm Arrowhead x15
Everflame Seed x2
Small Lamp Grass x10
3
60000
Agnidus Agate Fragment x6
Sharp Arrowhead x12
Everflame Seed x4
Small Lamp Grass x20
4
80000
Agnidus Agate Chunk x3
Sharp Arrowhead x18
Everflame Seed x8
Small Lamp Grass  x30
5
100000
Agnidus Agate Chunk x6
Weathered Arrowhead x12
Everflame Seed x12
Small Lamp Grass  x45
6
120000
Agnidus Agate Gemstone x6
Weathered Arrowhead x24
Everflame Seed x20
Small Lamp Grass  x60
Talent Level-up materials
Talent level-up materials
Teachings of Freedom x9
Guide to Freedom x63
Philosophies of Freedom x114
Common Ascension Materials
Firm Arrowhead x18
Sharp Arrowhead x66
Weathered Arrowhead x93
Weekly Boss Materials
Dvalin’s Sigh x18
Best Amber team comp in Genshin Impact
The best team composition featuring Amber would utilize the Vaporize Elemental Reaction. Therefore, we suggest picking party members such as
Xingqiu
, Bennett, and Kazuha.
You should take advantage of Xingqiu’s Hydro application, which occurs when he is not on the field.
Bennett’s sixth constellation will grant Amber a Pyro DMG Bonus while healing the party. Lastly, Kazuha will be able to infuse opponents with Pyro through his Elemental Burst. If you have
Yelan
, you could replace Xingqiu with her if you wish to do so.
Article continues after ad
Amber Genshin Impact trailer
In March 2020, Genshin Impact posted a preview of the Closed Beta Test featuring Amber. You can watch the video below:
That’s everything you need to know about effectively building Amber. If you want to build more Genshin Impact characters, check out our guides below:
Article continues after ad
All Electro characters in Genshin Impact
|
All Cryo characters in Genshin Impact
|
Games like Genshin Impact
|
Best Barbara build in Genshin Impact
|
Best Genshin Impact Wish Simulators
|
Genshin Impact stats tracker
|
Is Genshin Impact cross-platform?
|
All free characters in Genshin Impact
|
Genshin Impact pick rates
|
What is Pity in Genshin Impact?
|
Where to get Radish in Genshin Impact
|
Where to find your screenshot folder in Genshin Impact
|
Best Diluc build in Genshin Impact
Article continues after ad
More
Genshin Impact
News
Add as a preferred source on Google
Follow on Google News
Featured Articles
Entertainment
Senior cats saved from euthanization with kitty-sized ‘retirement village’
Entertainment
Lost cat reunites with owner after 12 years as a stray and immediately recognizes her
Gaming
Where to find the Tomb in Peak (March 31)
Gaming
Where to find the Capybara in Peak (March 31)
Food
Mike’s Hard Lemonade taps viral dirty soda trend with new boozy drinks
Sign up to Dexerto
For The latest News, Views & Reviews
Better Reading Experience
|
Save Your Favourite Items
Sign up