Genshin Impact: Best Builds For Amber
By
Jessica Clark Dillon
Published
Jul 7, 2021, 4:00 PM EDT
Jess has been writing for clients all around the world for years. From companies in Japan to being featured on The Kim Komando Show, Jess has prided herself in expressing her love for gaming. Her favorite console is the Nintendo 64 and she revels in replaying through Paper Mario and Megaman Legends. When not fighting Reaverbots she can be found gushing over the newest JRPGs or watching seasonal anime with her furless cat. Follow her on Twitter at @Genshin_Writer if you love video games and naked cats.
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
When you first begin
Genshin Impact
you will be given four free characters,
one of which is the outgoing Outrider Amber
. She is a four-star pyro bow-user who is often misunderstood when she is used on the battlefield. Amber is a character is built for helping you explore Teyvat and providing support to other characters when in battle. While Amber has been successfully used as a main DPS, she isn't usually built for the role.
Related:
Genshin Impact: Best Builds For Ningguang
You are likely wanting to get as much power as you can out of her, especially since having a pyro archer is pretty useful when solving puzzles. The guide below goes over the best ways to build a powerful Amber for your team.
Best Amber Builds
Amber is actually
a character that can be used with a wide variety of bows
, due to her unique nature as a support, a DPS, and sub-DPS. Amber should be able to hold her own on the field,
especially when exploring Teyvat and finding puzzles
.
An Amber without proper gear can quickly put your party in jeopardy even if you only intend to bring her out when exploring certain parts of the world. Below are four bows that work well when using Amber:
Weapon
Base Attack
Secondary Stat
Passive Ability
Amo's Bow
46
Attack +10.8%
All normal and charge attacks will have between a 12% to 24% increase in damage. In addition, the arrow will deal 8% to 16% more damage for every second it spends in the air up to a multiple of five.
Elegy for the End
46
Energy Recharge +12%
When using Amber's Skill or burst, her elemental master will increase between 60 to 120 points. If her attack hits an opponent she will gain a seal of remembrance, upon obtaining four seals, the entire party will receive a buff to elemental mastery between 100 to 200 points and their attack will increase between 20% to 40%. This effect will last twelve seconds in total.
Blackcliff Warbow
44
Critical Rate +8%
After Amber kills an enemy, she will get an attack boost between 12% to 24% for 30 seconds, this effect can stack up to three times.
The Stringless
42
Elemental Master +36 Points
Amber's burst and skill damage is increased by 24% to 48%.
The Stringless
is the easiest of the above bows to get, especially for players who don't have the option to pull for a five-star weapon or
buy the Blackcliff Warbow from Paimon's Bargains
.
Related:
Genshin Impact: A Complete Guide To Playing As Yanfei
Best Artifact Sets For Amber
Like with her weapons,
Amber has quite a few artifacts sets
to pick from for players wishing to build her up:
Artifact Set
2-Piece Set
4-Piece Set
Crimson Witch of Flames
Pyro damage increased by 15%
Overload and Burning reactions do 40% more damage, while melt and vaporize reactions do 15% more damage. The 2 piece-set effect is also increased by 50% for up to three stacks when a reaction happens, this lasts for ten seconds.
Noblesse Oblige
Burst damage increased by 20%
Using Amber's burst increases the party's attack by 20% for twelve seconds.
Wanderer's Troupe
+80 elemental mastery points
Increases Amber's charge attack damage by 35%.
Lavawalker
40% increase to pyro resistance
Opponents weak to pyro take 35% more damage.
Depending on how you want to use Amber in your party, some sets may be better than others.
Noblesse Oblige
is better for using a support Amber, while
Crimson Witch of Flames
is the perfect set for a DPS Amber.
Next:
Genshin Impact: Starsilver Locations And Mining In Dragonspine
Gaming Guides
Live-Service Games
Triple-A Games
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
25.9%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
20.6%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.0%
007 First Light
007 First Light
8.1%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
10.9%
Other
Other
22.5%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
The Legend Of Zelda: Majora’s Mask Still Terrifies Me 26 Years Later
Dragon Ball Age 1000 Officially Revealed As Xenoverse 3
Nearly Half Of Games Industry Professionals Have Considered Leaving The Industry, Survey Suggests