Genshin Impact Keqing Build Guide
Muhammad Kumar
-
May 06, 2022
|
Mobile Games
Keqing is a powerful and easy-to-use Electro DPS character in Genshin Impact. Here's how to build around her abilities and teams.
Genshin Impact Dendro Element Leak: Overgrown And Intensified Confirmed
Genshin Impact Shenhe Build Guide: Talents, Gears, And Team Comps (2022)
Top 10 Best Genshin Impact Forgeable Weapons (2022)
Keqing is an Electro Sword Character
in Genshin Impact. She is amongst the most powerful DPS in the game, having the ability to deal high damage against single targets. Because of this, Keqing is perfect to pit against high-level bosses. In this article, Gurugamer.com is going to showcase a complete Genshin Impact Keqing build guide.
Table of Contents
1. Keqing Genshin Impact Overview
2. Keqing Constellations and Talent Priority
3. How to use Keqing effectively?
4. Best Genshin Impact Keqing build
5. What are the best teams for Keqing?
1. Keqing Genshin Impact Overview
Keqing is the Yuheng of the Liyue Qixing. She is a workaholic and is subject to pressure even at her young age.
Genshin Impact Keqing Build Guide
Strengths
Low CD elemental skill that has the ability to hit weak points for more damage.
Very fast Charge Attack with High multipliers.
High mobility, can teleport using Elemental Skill.
Weaknesses
Charged Attack's stamina cost is higher than the other sword users. Stamina management can be a problem.
Requires at least Ascension 2 for consistent Electro DMG.
2. Keqing Constellations and Talent Priority
Constellations
Keqing Constellations
Similar to other 5 star characters, Keqing's constellations are extremely powerful. However, with the low pull rate, it is highly unlikely that players would ever get more than C1 or C2. Keqing's best constellations are C1 and C4:
C1: Recasting Stellar Restoration while a Lightning Stiletto is present causes Keqing to deal 50% of her ATK as AoE Electro DMG at the start point and terminus of her Blink.
C4: For 10s after Keqing triggers an Electro-related Elemental Reaction, her ATK is increased by 25%.
At C1, by blinking at point-blank range, players can deal 100% of Keqing's attack as AoE electro damage to enemies. C4 is probably her best constellation. It is pretty much a permanent ATK boost, as Keqing has no problem triggering Electro reactions.
Talent Priority
Keqing's main attacking method is her normal and charged attacks. This means players should prioritize maxing it first. Afterward, max her burst and finally her skill. Keqing's elemental skill's scaling is pretty weak and can be ignored for the most part.
Keqing character showcase
3. How to use Keqing effectively?
Quick and Versatile Normal and Charged Attacks
Keqing's normal attack and charged attack deal high damage and are very quick. This allows her to fight constantly without having to worry about their cooldown. Furthermore, she can deal both Electro and Physical with her kit.
Elemental Skill is great for both Combat and Exploration
Keqing's elemental skill gives her unparalleled mobility, allowing her to reposition quickly in combat. This is very useful in boss fights, as you can pretty much evade all dangerous attacks. It also deals moderately decent damage.
Genshin Impact Keqing build don't usually focus on her Elemental skill.
In exploration, the ability to teleport is obviously useful. Players can climb small cliffs and go over obstacles effortlessly. Furthermore, they can even reach areas that are difficult to access normally.
Elemental Burst renders Keqing invulnerable to damage
Keqing's Elemental Burst, Starward Sword, unleashes a quick and devastating series of Electro slashes in an AoE, with the final strike dealing AoE Electro DMG. This is highly effective against both mobs and bosses, especially in domains like Spiral Abyss.
Keqing's elemental burst is very powerful
The best part about Keqing's burst is that she can't be damaged while under its effects. Players can time her Burst to avoid dangerous attacks from enemies.
4. Best Genshin Impact Keqing build
Players can build Keqing in two ways, one that focuses on her Physical DPS and the other focuses on her Electro DPS potential.
Keqing Physical DPS build
Keqing has the potential to be a strong Physical DPS with her fast attacks and powerful charge attacks. She can also quickly inflict Electro on enemies to trigger Superconduct, enabling more Physical damage.
Recommended weapon: Aquila Favonia
Recommended artifact set: Pale Flame x4
Alternatively, players can use the Prototype Rancour or The Black Sword.
Aquila Favonia is the best weapon for Keqing Physical build
Keqing Electro DPS build
This build maximizes Keqing's bonus stat, CRIT DMG, her swift attacks and her Elemental Skill to continuously deal heavy CRIT to opponents.
Recommended weapon: Mistsplitter Reforged
Recommended artifact set: Gladiator's Finale x2 + Thundering Fury x2
Alternatively, players can use the Primordial Jade Cutter, The Black Sword, Summit Shaper, or Festering Desire.
Mistsplitter Reforged is the perfect weapon for Electro build, including aesthetically.
5. What are the best teams for Keqing?
Keqing Superconduct team
Keqing + Venti + Xingqiu + Qiqi
Since Keqing does not rely on her elemental damage entirely, players can use her normal and charged attack as their main combo. Keqing can build her burst pretty easily, so use it whenever possible.
Keqing does not have the ludicrous damage of Pyro or Cryo characters
Xingqiu boosts Keqing's damage via his Hydro application and burst, as almost all of his attacks are AOE. Venti serves as the crowd control character, grouping up enemies together for Keqing and Xingqiu to finish them off with their burst.
Qiqi serves as the healer of the team, who can also apply Cryo to wet enemies to trigger Freeze. This allows Keqing to make use of Superconduct to boost her physical DMG
Keqing Thunder team
Kujou Sara + Keqing + Bennett + Kazuha
Keqing mainly deals Electro damage in this team, with the support of Kujou Sara. Bennett is the main healer + buffer, giving the team extra damage with his powerful Burst.
Kujou Sara is the best support for Electro characters.
While difficult, a C6 Kujou Sara's is the best support that an Electro character could get. Her C6 Elemental Burst can boost CRIT DMG of Electro DMG of Keqing. Lastly, Kazuha can assist the team by grouping enemies together, applying crowd control, providing DMG buff to teammates and reducing Elemental Resistance of enemies.
>>> Read more:
10 Useful Passive Abilities In Genshin Impact For Exploration
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
#Genshin Impact Guide
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025