Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Keqing materials, kit, and Constellations
Ascension and Talent materials for Keqing.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Guide
by
Jessica Orr
Senior Guides Writer
Published on
Jan. 23, 2025
Follow Genshin Impact
Keqing
is a 5-Star Electro character who has been in
Genshin Impact
since the very beginning.
Keqing is featured as one the boosted 5-Star characters in the the permanent Wanderlust Invocation and Beginners' Banners in
Genshin Impact
, and she has been on the Chronicled Wish Banner, and even got her own limited-time Banner back in 2021. You can also get Keqing by losing the
50/50 chance
to get a character on their limited-time
Banner
.
If you want to prepare for her, we've listed
Keqing's Ascension materials
and
Talent materials
so you can level her up to her full potential right away. To understand how you might play her, we've also detailed
Keqing's kit
and
Constellations
.
On this page:
Keqing's kit
Keqing Ascension materials
Keqing Talent materials
Keqing Constellations
To see this content please enable targeting cookies.
Manage cookie settings
Keqing kit
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Keqing is a
5-Star Electro character who uses a sword
, and keeping in mind that all of the percentages mentioned below are based on Level 1 Skills, here's a summary of
Keqing's kit in Genshin Impact
:
Element
: Electro.
Rarity
: 5-Star.
Weapon
: Sword.
Normal Attack
: Yunlai Swordsmanship.
Elemental Skill
: Stellar Restoration.
Elemental Burst
: Starward Sword.
Passive one
: Thundering Penance - After recasting Stellar Restoration while a Lightning Stiletto is present, Keqing's weapon gains an Electro Infusion for five seconds.
Passive two
: Aristocratic Dignity - When casting Starward Sword, Keqing's Crit Rate is increased by 15%, and her Energy Recharge is increased by 15%. This effect lasts for eight seconds.
Passive three
: Land's Overseer - When dispatched on an expedition in Liyue, time consumed is reduced by 25%.
Keqing Normal Attack - Yunlai Swordsmanship
Keqing performs up to five rapid strikes if tapping the normal attack button. Holding it down instead makes Keqing consume a certain amount of stamina to unleash two rapid sword strikes.
As with most plunging attacks, Keqing plunges from mid-air and strikes the ground below for AOE (area of effect) damage on impact.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Keqing Elemental Skill - Stellar Restoration
Keqing hurls a Lightning Stiletto that annihilates her opponents like the swift thunder.
When the Stiletto hits its target, it deals Electro Damage to opponents in a small AOE, and places a Stiletto Mark on the spot hit.
You can hold the Elemental Skill button to adjust the direction in which the Stiletto will be thrown. Stilettos thrown by this holding attack mode can be suspended in mid-air, allowing Keqing to jump to them when using Stellar Restoration a second time.
Lightning Stiletto
If Keqing uses Stellar Restoration again or uses a charged attack while its duration lasts, it will clear the Stiletto Mark and produce different effects:
If Keqing uses Stellar Restoration again, she will blink to the location of the Mark and unleash one slashing attack that deals AOE Electro Damage. When blinking to a Stiletto that was thrown from a holding attack, Keqing can leap across obstructing terrain.
If Keqing uses a charged attack, she will ignite a series of thundering cuts at the Mark's location, dealing AOE Electro Damage.
Keqing Elemental Burst - Starward Sword
Keqing unleashes the power of lightning, dealing Electro Damage in an AOE.
She then blends into the shadow of her blade, striking a series of thunderclap-blows to nearby opponents simultaneously that deal multiple instances of Electro Damage. The final attack deals massive AOE Electro Damage.
Keqing Talent materials
Ring of Boreas. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
To get the most out of using Keqing, you will have to level her skills up by using Talent materials, which vary from character-to-character.
For Keqing, you'll need to farm a lot of Nectar and Prosperity materials (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade her capabilities.
As Keqing has three Talents, you will have to spend three times the Talent materials listed below to fully upgrade all of her abilities, which we've also detailed below the table.
Here's what Keqing Talent materials you need to improve one of her abilities:
Keqing Talent level
Keqing Talent materials
Mora cost
Level 2
x3 Teachings of Prosperity, x6 Whopperflower Nectar
12,500
Level 3
x2 Guide to Prosperity, x3 Shimmering Nectar
17,500
Level 4
x4 Guide to Prosperity, x4 Shimmering Nectar
25,000
Level 5
x6 Guide to Prosperity, x6 Shimmering Nectar
30,000
Level 6
x9 Guide to Prosperity, x9 Shimmering Nectar
37,500
Level 7
x4 Philosophies of Prosperity, x4 Energy Nectar, x1 Ring of Boreas
120,000
Level 8
x6 Philosophies of Prosperity, x6 Energy Nectar, x1 Ring of Boreas
260,000
Level 9
x12 Philosophies of Prosperity, x9 Energy Nectar, x2 Ring of Boreas
450,000
Level 10
x16 Philosophies of Prosperity, x12 Energy Nectar, x2 Ring of Boreas, x1 Crown of Insight
700,000
Here's what Talent Materials you'll need to fully upgrade
one
of Keqing's skills:
x1 Crown of Insight
x3 Teachings of Prosperity
x6 Whopperflower Nectar
x6 Ring of Boreas
x21 Guide to Prosperity
x22 Shimmering Nectar
x31 Energy Nectar
x38 Philosophies of Prosperity
1,652,500 Mora
To upgrade all
three
of Keqing's skills, here's all the Talent Materials you'll need:
x3 Crown of Insight
x9 Teachings of Prosperity
x18 Whopperflower Nectar
x18 Ring of Boreas
x63 Guide to Prosperity
x66 Shimmering Nectar
x93 Energy Nectar
x114 Philosophies of Prosperity
4,957,500 Mora
Version 6.4 Phase 2 sees the returning 5-Star
Skirk
and a rerun of
Escoffier
. 

So don't forget to redeem
new codes
for
Primogems
to help pull them, and check out our regularly updated
tier list
.

You need luck from the
Pity and 50/50 systems
to
Wish with Fate
for characters on
Banners
, and you always need the right
Adventure Rank
for events.

Elsewhere, we have
tips and tricks for beginners
.
Keqing Ascension materials
Cor Lapis. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Just like Talents, you need to use Keqing Ascension materials to upgrade her health, attack, defence, and critical hit effectiveness.
You'll need to farm a lot of Cor Lapis and Nectar materials for Keqing (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade her capabilities.
Unlike Talent materials, you only need to spend the below Ascension materials once to fully raise Keqing to her highest character level. There is also Acquaint Fate rewarded for reaching certain Ascension levels. You can spend this Fate on the
standard and beginner Banners
to Wish for characters and weapons.
Here's what Keqing Ascension materials and Mora you need to upgrade her for each Ascension level:
Keqing Ascension level
Keqing Ascension materials
Mora cost
Ascension reward
Level 20
x1 Vajrada Amethyst Sliver, x3 Cor Lapis, x3 Whopperflower Nectar
20,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 40
x3 Vajrada Amethyst Fragment, x2 Lightning Prism, x10 Cor Lapis, x15 Whopperflower Nectar
40,000
None
Level 50
x6 Vajrada Amethyst Fragment, x4 Lightning Prism, x20 Cor Lapis, x12 Shimmering Nectar
60,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 60
x3 Vajrada Amethyst Chunk, x8 Lightning Prism, x30 Cor Lapis, x18 Shimmering Nectar
80,000
None
Level 70
x6 Vajrada Amethyst Chunk, x12 Lightning Prism, x45 Cor Lapis, x12 Energy Nectar
100,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 80
x6 Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone, x20 Lightning Prism, x60 Cor Lapis, x24 Energy Nectar
120,000
None
In total, here's
all the Ascension Materials
you need for Keqing in Genshin Impact:
x1 Vajrada Amethyst Sliver
x6 Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone
x9 Vajrada Amethyst Fragment
x9 Vajrada Amethyst Chunk
x18 Whopperflower Nectar
x30 Shimmering Nectar
x36 Energy Nectar
x46 Lightning Prism
x168 Cor Lapis
420,000 Mora
Keqing Constellations
By getting duplicates of Keqing from wishing on Banners, you will receive her Stella Fortuna. This material allows you to unlock Constellation levels, with each upgrade either improving an existing Talent or Passive ability.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Here are all of
Keqing's Constellations in Genshin Impact
:
Thundering Might (C1)
: Recasting Stellar Restoration while a Lightning Stiletto is present causes Keqing to deal 50% of her attack as AOE Electro Damage at the start point and terminus of her Blink.
Keen Extraction (C2)
: When Keqing's normal and charged attacks hit opponents affected by Electro, they have a 50% chance of producing an Elemental Particle.
This effect can only occur once every five seconds.
Foreseen Reformation (C3)
: Increases the Level of Keqing's Elemental Burst by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Attunement (C4)
: For 10 seconds after Keqing triggers an Electro-related Elemental Reaction, her attack is increased by 25%.
Beckoning Stars (C5)
:  Increases the Level of Keqing's Elemental Skill by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Tenacious Star (C6)
: When initiating a normal attack, a charged attack, Elemental Skill or Elemental Burst, Keqing gains a 6% Electro Damage Bonus for eight seconds. Effects triggered by normal attacks, charged attacks, Elemental Skills and Elemental Bursts are considered independent entities.
Good luck levelling up Keqing in Genshin Impact!