Genshin Impact
is an
adventure
RPG
released by
miHoyo
in 2020. In a short period, the game has become one of the most successful adventures RPG titles ever to have been released. This guide will be looking into one of the most popular characters,
Keqing
in Genshin Impact, her best weapons, artifacts, and materials required for her ascension.
Keqing: Playstyle and skill-set of the character
Being one of the members of the Liyue Qixing, we get to see her during the Archon Quests involving the state of disarray of Liyue due to the “death” of their God, Rex Lapis. She’s one of the playable characters that is considered as a very strong main DPS that can dish out huge amounts of damage to enemies.
Name/Description
Type
Yunlai Swordsmanship
Normal
Attack
Perform up to 5 consecutive rapid strikes with a sword
Yunlai Swordsmanship
Charged  Attack
Consumes a certain amount of Stamina to unleash 2 rapid sword strikes
Yunlai Swordsmanship
Plunge   Attack
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Stellar Restoration
Elemental Skill
Hurls a Lightning Stiletto that annihilates her opponents like the swift thunder. When the Stiletto hits its target, it deals Electro DMG to opponents in a small AoE, and places a Stiletto Mark on the spot hit.
Hold
to adjust the direction in which the Stiletto shall be thrown. Stilettos thrown by the Hold attack mode can be suspended in mid-air, allowing Keqing to jump to them when using Stellar Restoration a second time.
Lightning Stiletto
Elemental  Skill
If Keqing uses Stellar Restoration again or uses a Charged Attack while its duration lasts, it will clear the Stiletto Mark and produce different effects:   If she uses Stellar Restoration again, she will blink to the location of the Mark and unleash one slashing attack that deals AoE Electro DMG. When linking to a Stiletto that was thrown from a Holding attack, Keqing can leap across obstructing terrain. If Keqing uses a Charged Attack, she will ignite a series of thundering cuts at Mark’s location, dealing AoE Electro DMG.
Starward Sword
Elemental Burst
Keqing unleashes the power of lightning, dealing Electro DMG in an AoE. She then blends into the shadow of her blade, striking a series of thunderclap-blows to nearby opponents simultaneously that deal with multiple instances of Electro DMG. The final attack deals with massive AoE Electro DMG.
Keqing’s Passive
Keqing’s playstyle can go into two different types: either electro build or physical build. While both builds provide insane amounts of damage, they differ with the use of her kit. Her electro builds mostly focuses on her abilities to provide DPS and when combined with certain characters, this build shines the most because of the elemental reactions that it can provide when fighting enemies.
In contrast, with a low damage output of elemental skill and elemental burst in the physical build, her playstyle mostly consists of her swift charged attacks. Mastery of the charge attacks will be crucial in providing huge physical damage in a short amount of time.
Name/Description
Type
Thundering Penance
After recasting Stellar Restoration while a Lightning Stiletto is present, Keqing’s weapon gains an Electro Infusion for 5s.
1st Ascension Passive
Aristocratic Dignity
When casting Starward Sword, Keqing’s CRIT Rate is increased by 15%, and her Energy Recharge is increased by 15%. This effect lasts for 8s.
4th Ascension Passive
Land’s Overseer
When dispatched on an expedition in Liyue, time consumed is reduced by 25%.
Utility Passive
Artifacts sets to farm for Keqing in Genshin Impact
The most recommended artifact sets for Keqing for Electro build are:
2-piece set Thundering Fury
and
2-piece set Gladiator’s Finale
. Aside from that, you can also try the
4-piece set Thundersoother
if you have characters like Fischl where you constantly apply Electro Damage. Thus further boosting your damage output due to the 4-piece set passive.
The most recommended artifact set for the Physical build is:
2-piece set Bloodstained Chivalry
and
2-piece set Gladiator’s Finale
. It’s understandable that Gladiator’s Finale is hard to obtain in general, so it’s possible if you get
2-piece set Bloodstained Chivalry
and
2-piece set Pale Flame
for the increased physical damage bonus, or use
2-piece set Bloodstained Chivalry
and the new
2-piece set Shimenawa’s Reminiscence
available in Inazuma as a replacement for the Attack% passive of Gladiator’s Finale.
Artifacts stats
Artifact
Main Stat
Sub Stat
Flower
Health (Default Stat)
CRIT DMG
CRIT Rate ATK ATK%
Plume
ATK (Default Stat)
CRIT DMG
CRIT Rate ATK ATK%
Sands
ATK%
CRIT DMG
CRIT Rate ATK ATK%
Goblet
Electro DMG Bonus or Physical DMG Bonus (Depending on your build)
CRIT DMG
CRIT Rate ATK ATK%
Circlet
CRIT DMG or CRIT Rate
CRIT DMG
CRIT Rate ATK ATK%
Materials required for ascension of Keqing
Genshin Impact Keqing materials
The material needed to ascend Keqing from Level 1 to Level 90 are as follows:
1
Vajrada Amethyst Silver
9
Vajrada Amethyst Fragment
9
Vajrada Amethyst Chunk
6
Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone
48
Lightning Prism
18
Whopperflower Nectar
30
Shimmering Nectar
36
Energy Nectar
168
Cor Lapis
420,000
Mora
Experience
414 Hero’s wit, 13 Adventurer’s XP, 22 Wanderers advice, and 1,672,000 Mora
Talent Level up Materials needed for Keqing
These are the materials required for fully maxing the level of ONE Talent for Keqing. Keep in mind that there are 3 upgradable talents for each character in the game.
3
Teachings of Prosperity
21
Guide to Prosperity
38
Philosophies of Prosperity
6
Whopperflower Nectar
22
Shimmering Nectar
31
Energy Nectar
6
Ring of Boreas
1
Crown of Insight
1,652,500
Mora
Best Weapons for Keqing in Genshin Impact
As Keqing being the main DPS character, weapons with Attack%, Crit rate, and Crit Damage would be a great addition to her abilities.
Primordial Jade Cutter (5*), Both Electro and Physical Builds
Aquila Favonia (5*), Physical Build
The Black Sword (4*), Both Electro and Physical Builds
Blackliff Longsword (4*), Both Electro and Physical Builds
Lion’s Roar (4*), Electro Build
Keqing-weapon
Related – Genshin Impact: Where to find Sakura Bloom
That’s all for today’s Genshin Impact Keqing Guide.
Did you like our guide on
Keqing
in Genshin Impact? Let us know in the
comments
below.
For more Mobile Gaming news and updates, join our
WhatsApp group
,
Telegram Group
,
or
Discord server
. Also, follow us on
Google News
,
Instagram
, and
Twitter
for quick updates.
Tags
Gacha Games
Genshin Impact