Genshin Impact: Keqing Best Builds, Weapons & Teams
By
Logan Dalton
Published
Apr 11, 2023, 5:45 AM EDT
Sign in to your
DualShockers
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Keqing's Best Stats & Artifacts
Keqing's Best 5-Star & 4-Star Weapons
Keqing's Best Team Composition
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Having been an easy-to-get standard 5-Star character and good DPS since the release of
Genshin Impact
, Keqing has become one of — if not the strongest — standard 5-Star characters in Genshin since the release of the
Dendro element
and the accompanying reactions such as Aggravate.
Related:
Genshin Impact: Fischl Best Builds, Weapons & Teams
Whether you got her on purpose or not, Keqing will prove to be a helpful unit for players looking to take advantage of the strong Dendro and Electro reactions, and this guide will go into how you should build her to accomplish this.
Keqing's Best Stats & Artifacts
Keqing can only really work in teams as a
Main DPS
. However, there are a few different types of teams she can act as a Main DPS for, which will affect how you build her.
4-Piece Thundering Fury
Thundering Fury will do especially well on Keqing
on a reactionary team such as Aggravate or Electro-Charged
. The 2-Piece bonus will
increase Electro damage by 15%
While the 4-Piece bonus will
increase the damage caused by reactions such as Overload, Electro-Charged, Superconduct, and Hyperbloom by 40%
. Additionally, it will increase the damage bonus from Aggravate by 20%. When any Electro reaction is triggered, it will decrease the character's Elemental Skill cooldown by 1 second, which can occur once every 0.8 seconds.
If you struggle to collect 4 good Thundering Fury pieces, or you don't plan to play Keqing in an Aggravate team, it's a viable option to build her with a 2-Piece Thundering Fury and a
2-Piece ATK bonus set such as Gladiator's Finale.
2-Piece Pale Flame, 2-Piece Bloodstained Chivalry
This build is for playing Keqing as a Physical Main DPS. For their 2-Piece bonuses,
both of these sets increase Physical Damage by 25%.
While Keqing is an okay option for playing a Physical DPS role, she will be a lot more fun to play and
a lot stronger in an Electro Reaction team
. Specifically in Aggravate teams.
Keqing follows the same builds as most Main DPS characters, although she has a very cheap and easy-to-charge Elemental Burst, making her less in need of Energy Recharge stats.
Artifact
Main Stat
Sub-Stats
Sands of Eon
ATK%, Elemental Mastery
Crit Rate, Crit DMG, Elemental Mastery
Goblet of Eonothem
Electro DMG Bonus, Physical DMG Bonus
Crit Rate, Crit DMG, Elemental Mastery
Circlet of Logos
Crit Rate, Crit DMG
Crit Rate, Crit DMG, Elemental Mastery
Related:
Genshin Impact: Nahida Best Build & Ascension Materials
Keqing's Best 5-Star & 4-Star Weapons
Keqing doesn't need much Energy Recharge thanks to her low-cost Elemental Burst, so she prefers weapons with
Sub-Stats like ATK, CRIT, or Elemental Mastery.
Weapons such as
Lions Roar
or
Iron Sting
work well on her, but here is a selection of the best weapons for Keqing.
5-Star Weapons: Mistsplitter Reforged & Primordial Jade Cutter
Mistsplitter Reforged
is one of the best weapons for Keqing. This weapon comes with a huge Crit DMG stat crutch as well as a nice Elemental DMG bonus in its passive that Keqing can easily benefit from. At level 90, the sword has a solid
674 Base ATK
with a
Sub-Stat of 44.1% Crit DMG.
The passive will grant a
standard 12% Elemental DMG bonus
and will gain stacks of Mistsplitters Emblem when:
Dealing Elemental DMG with a Normal Attack
(Lasts 5 seconds)
Using an Elemental Burst
(Lasts 10 seconds)
Energy is less than 100%
(Lasts until Energy reaches 100%)
Each of these stacks will grant
an additional Elemental DMG bonus of 8%/16%/28%,
depending on how many stacks the player has at a given time.
This weapon works great for an Electro Keqing, as she will often be using her Electro-infused normal attacks to deal damage, and her Elemental Burst being cheap means you will be able to use it a lot to maintain all the stacks.
Mistsplitter Reforged is
Kamisato Ayaka
's signature weapon and is available on
weapon banners
that run beside her.
Primordial Jade Cutter
is a strong weapon for Keqing, though not as strong as the previously mentioned Mistsplitter Reforged. At level 90, Jade Cutter has a
Base ATK of 542
and a Sub-Stat of 44.1% Crit Rate, which is a useful Stat crutch that makes this weapon good for any sword-wielding character. The Passive will increase
Max HP by 20%
and provides an
ATK bonus based on 1.2% of the user's Max HP
. This isn't as useful on Keqing, as she has no HP scaling, but it is still a small increase to her ATK.
Primordial Jade Cutter is a 5-Star weapon that can appear on Weapon Event Banners.
4-Star Weapons: The Black Sword & Amenoma Kageuchi
The Black Sword
can be obtained from the
Battle Pass
if players who own it reach
level 30
. At level 90, the weapon's
Base ATK sits at 510
, and it has a
Sub-Stat of 27.6% Crit rate,
which makes it a useful crutch just like Primordial Jade Cutter. The passive will
increase the damage dealt by Normal and Charged attacks by 20%,
and once every 5 seconds, it will r
estore 60% of ATK as HP when she lands a Critical hit with her Normal or Charged attacks.
This helps Keqing out a bit with her Crit rate and also increases the damage from her attacks, making it an excellent weapon for her. Additionally, the healing from the weapon will slightly help Keqing teams with survivability.
One of the best free-to-play weapons for Keqing,
Amenoma Kageuchi
will allow Keqing to use her Elemental Burst even more frequently than she already can. At level 90, the
Base ATK is 454
, and it has an
ATK Sub-Stat of 55.1%
. The passive will,
after the character uses an Elemental Skill, create a "Succession Seed" that lasts for 30 seconds
, these seeds can be generated once every 5 seconds, and a maximum of 3 seeds can be generated at once.
Once the character uses an Elemental Burst, all seeds will be consumed, and for the next 2 seconds, the character will regenerate 6 Energy for every seed that was spent.
Amenoma Kageuchi is a crafted weapon that can be unlocked in Inazuma.
Related:
Genshin Impact: Ylean Best Builds, Weapons & Teams
Keqing's Best Team Composition
Keqing's strongest team is easily an
Aggravate team.
In this team, Keqing and Fischl will deal large amounts of Electro damage which
triggers and is amplified by Aggravate
when reacting with
Nahida's Dendro Application
. The 4th character slot can be a flex slot using a
shielder such as
Zhongli
to shred resistances and increase the team's survivability or a
healer such as Kokomi,
whose Hydro application will also offer
additional damage through Bloom and Hyperbloom.
Nahida is a very strong Dendro Sub-DPS, but if she is unavailable, then
Collei
and Dendro traveler
will work too. If Kokomi and Zhongli are both unavailable, Diona may work as a shielder and also grant increased damage from her Constellation Level 6 Elemental Mastery increase — or Xingqiu may work as a Hydro Sub-DPS to deal additional damage.
If an Aggravate team doesn't appeal to you here are a few other teams Keqing will work in.
Team Type
2nd Slot
3rd Slot
4th Slot
Replacements
Electro-Charged
Fischl
Yelan
Kaedehara Kazuha
Xingqiu, Sucrose, Venti
Physical/Superconduct
Fischl
Rosaria
Mika
Diona, Xinyan, Beidou
Next:
Genshin Impact: Razor Best Builds, Weapons & Teams
Video Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Whose Section Did You Enjoy Playing The Most In Resident Evil Requiem?
Grace
Grace
57.1%
Leon
Leon
42.9%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
10 Co-op RPGs for Players Who Want More Games Like It Takes Two
7 Little-Known Souslike Games From Famous Developers
10 Diablo 4 Story Threads Lord of Hatred Could Finally Pay Off