Keqing Team Comp Guide - Genshin Impact
By
Rhenn Taguiam
Updated
Apr 4, 2022, 9:30 AM EDT
Rhenn is a Manila-based content writer with a love for all things geek and pop culture, and science and technology. He has
over 1,900 articles
to his name, most of which exploring the many dimensions of video games. Rhenn is well-versed in all things pop culture, taking his journalistic prowess to the next level as the editor-in-chief for Philippines-based
What's A Geek!
.
Rhenn is a seasoned player of
Dungeons & Dragons
and
World of Darkness
of 10+ years, with a couple hundred hours in
Baldur's Gate 3
,
World of Warcraft
, and
Valorant
.
Rhenn graduated
BA Journalism
degree as a
Cum Laude
, and has since then pursued making content about geek culture.
Sign in to your
GameRant
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Keqing
Electro
Sword
Liyue
Guides
Ascension
Builds
Weapons
Team Comp
Constellation
Player Mistakes
Back to All Characters
Keqing constantly reminds people around her that humanity has to decide their own fate. As the Yuheng of the Liyue Qixing, Keqing is adept at navigating the chaotic world of policymaking in Liyue. And to the delight of
Genshin Impact
players, Keqing herself is quite adept with the blade. An Electro Sword user, Keqing relies on flashy techniques to outmaneuver opponents, pressuring them without letting them launch a counterattack.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Every 4-Star Character, Ranked
As a DPS, Keqing can use her innate skills to dash around the battlefield while spamming her rotations. Her sheer movement control helps her take on larger foes while her team finishes off the rest. Anyone working to build a team with Keqing should capitalize on certain characteristics to keep the pressure on their foes.
Updated on April 4, 2022, by Rhenn Taguiam:
With
Yae Miko
providing a new face to the Electro element during the release of the 2.5 Update of
Genshin Impact
, fans can eagerly wait for the release of new Hydra user
Kamisato Ayato
for the 2.6 Update by the end of March. Those planning on rolling for Ayato in the upcoming banner might find themselves wondering who best to pair this new hero with - and who better to become a companion than swift swordmaster Keqing of the Electro element? However, before players test Keqing’s Electro-Charge potential with Ayato, they might want to try Keqin with other heroes first.
Geo MC, Kaeya, Barbara
Players can capitalize on Keqing’s fast-paced combat with a balanced build, comprised of
Geo MC
(Geo),
Kaeya
(Cryo), and
Barbara
(Hydro). Compared to other extremely aggressive builds, this team composition is quite balanced and ensures Keqing is adequately protected regardless of the fight.
Thanks to the Geo MC, Keqing’s offenses have a stable grounding on defense. In addition,
Kaeya’s constant freezing and fast-paced attacks
complement Keqing’s well, and Barbara’s healing can save everyone in a pinch.
Xiangling, Amber, Barbara
Players who want a more aggressive take on Keqing’s offense that still plays safe might want to use
Xiangling
(Pyro),
Amber
(Pyro), and
Barbara
(Hydro). This beginner-friendly lineup allows Keqing to capitalize on dealing damage but also deter the enemy’s assault with enough long-ranged attacks.
For instance, Xiangling’s steady melee attacks and usual bombing can capitalize on burst damage, aided by Amber’s superiority in the long-range. Meanwhile,
Barbara’s constant healing
can help Keqing secure the team’s health to ensure the party survives enough troubles in the beginning stages of the game.
Xingqiu, Qiqi, Venti
Players who want to explore their options in terms of offense might want to go for
Xingqiu
(Hydro),
Qiqi
(Cryo), and
Venti
(Anemo). With this lineup, players can enjoy using Xingqiu and
Qiqi to freeze enemies
, Venti to gather them around, and Keqing to eliminate them with her Elemental Burst attack.
Outside this combo, the team synergizes pretty well in both mobility and offensive capabilities. Qiqi can provide constant healing to the party, while Venti can deter the enemy’s assault. With enough timing, Xingqiu and Keqing can use speed to make quick work of mobs.
Raiden Shogun, Kazuha, Bennett
Players who want a more fast-paced approach to combat might want to capitalize on boosting DPS opportunities, something they can do when adding Keqing to the likes of
Raiden Shogun
(Electro),
Kaedehara Kazuha
(Anemo), and
Bennett
(Pyro). Aside from anyone but Bennett being an offensive character, Bennett’s presence as a support can ensure the party enjoys DPS boosts all over.
Moreover, with
Raiden Shogun as the lead DPS
and Keqing and Kazuha as support DPS, the party can eliminate mobs quickly and have no trouble at all against bosses. Bennett’s presence can also ensure the party has enough DPS buffs going around to secure victory.
Beidou, Xiangling, Bennett
Players who want to deal heavy damage throughout combat can capitalize on Keqing’s speed with the likes of
Beidou
(Electro),
Xiangling
(Pyro), and
Bennett
(Pyro).
At its core, Keqing and Beidou can synergize and boost their overall damage thanks to double element resonance. Meanwhile,
Xiangling’s Pyro specialization
allows her to deal with mobs quite quickly with mid-ranged attacks and a bit of burst damage. Finally, Bennett’s presence ensures that the party has more than enough DPS boosts to guarantee that they can face most threats.
Fischl, Xingqiu, Venti
Players looking to train with Keqing's early-game synergies without investing too much in rolls would do wonders with
Fischl (Electro), Xingqiu (Hydro), and Venti (Anemo).
This build capitalizes on Keqing's ability to pull groups of enemies together with her Electrocharged burst. Thanks to Venti's toolkit, the team can dish out decent crowd control from the get-go.
And with Keqing's synergy with Fischl, the team can easily dish out their heavy-hitters for bonus damage. However, a risk element here would be Xingqiu's presence. Granted, Xingqiu's burst ability pairs well even with Keqing's fast-paced basic attacks. However, the burst cooldown can be a bit of a nuisance. Xingqiu's main role in this team would be
providing Wet for extra synergies.
Fischl, Bennett, Venti
Players looking to dish out decent damage consistently with a low-cost team could work wonders with
Fischl (Electro), Bennett (Pyro), and Venti (Anemo).
With this setup, Keqing and Fischl alone can generate a decent DMG boost with their
Elemental Resonance.
Thanks to Bennett, the entire team can get relevant boosts to DMG due to his toolkit. Venti's presence can ensure the team can juggle foes when needed, and focus on targets whenever necessary. Despite the low-budget, "common" nature of this lineup, it boasts consistent DPS, making this a go-to comp for early-game fights.
Fischl, Mona, Venti
High-speed Keqing can tap into her high-mobility combat with the right teammates. In this situation,
Fischl (Electro), Mona (Hydro), and Venti (Anemo)
can pulverize groups of enemies with ease. Keqing can pull enemies into her giant electrifying AOE, leaving them wide open for the rest of the team's burst moves.
Mona's secondary carry
highlights this team's DPS potential, as she can help Keqing proc Electrocharge consistently. Meanwhile, Venti's presence can ensure there's decent crowd control during essential cooldown breaks. Lastly, the natural synergies between Keqing and Fischl can give the team that necessary DMG boost.
Zhongli, Xingqiu, Barbara
Keqing users who trust in her offensive potential should take note of her defenses, too. In this regard, an effective setup for Keqing's best offensive interests would be comprised of
Zhongli (Geo), Xingqiu (Hydro), and Barbara (Hydro).
Thanks to Xinqiu and Barbara's Hydro Resonance, the entire team can enjoy a host of
benefits for healing
. This greatly helps, given Zhongli's penchant for defensive builds as a Geo user, on top of Barbara's overall healing abilities.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Team Compositions For Zhongli
Meanwhile, Keqing can benefit from
Xingqiu as a Secondary DPS
given her penchant for burst attacks as well. With lightning-fast Keqing leading the killing blow, a Xingqiu-Keqing tandem can easily become deadly for most enemies.
Fischl, Bennett, Xiangling
Players who want to experience the sheer thrill of double resonances would enjoy a team with
Fischl (Electro), Bennett (Pyro), and Xiangling (Pyro).
This setup alone will grant players a massive DMG boost and more energy to work with.
Moreover, the
short cooldowns on supports
such as Bennett can give the party a constant supply of DMG buffs. Keqing can use such buffs to dish out more damage, compared to other builds. This party's core source of attacks would be Keqing's natural DPS and multiple elemental reactions. Of course, the lack of an Anemo user would mean this comp's crowd control suffers a bit. However, the focus fire potential of this team will help players
mow down bigger enemies
much faster than expected.
Lisa, Qiqi, Kaeya
This team offers another double resonance, but this time with Cryo into the mix. Players can capitalize on Keqing's fast-paced attacks with frozen enemies thanks to
Lisa (Electro), Qiqi (Cryo), and Kaeya (Cryo).
Due to the innate resonances of this build, Keqing can enjoy a physical approach to fights.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Team Compositions For Venti
Cryo Resonance and Electro Resonance can give the team a much-needed
DMG and CRIT Rate boost
— much more for Keqing if she uses her burst. Moreover, this comp gives her access to
Thrilling Tales
; thus, Keqing can become a powerhouse against most bosses. With Qiqi and Kaeya giving Keqing much-needed sustains and Cryo spams, she should have enough wiggle room for her lightning-fast techniques against opponents on the slower side.
Ganyu, Rosaria, Bennett
Despite the lack of an Electro pair, Keqing can gain massive boosts from a party with
Ganyu
(Cryo),
Rosaria
(Cryo), and
Bennett
(Pyro).
The Cryo Resonance from Ganyu and Rosaria alone can trigger Elemental Reactions with Keqing's attacks, alongside their base DMG boost. Moreover,
Bennett's innate buffs can boost Keqing's attacks
, allowing her to maintain a sustainable charge attack cycle.
Thanks to this team, Keqing becomes a powerhouse against mobs and elite foes. Bennett's constant buffs and sustains can ensure that Keqing has enough firepower to deal with groups of enemies at a time. Meanwhile, Cryo spam from the two Cryo users can
consistently debilitate opponents.
Chongyun, Kaeya, Xiangling
Though this team lacks an Electro support for Resonance, Keqing can capitalize on other Elemental Reactions to build her damage potential. A great team in this regard is comprised of
Chongyun
(Cryo),
Kaeya
(Cryo), and
Xiangling
(Pyro).
Thanks to the Cryo Resonance between Chongyun and Kaeya, Keqing can get decent
Elemental Reactions that chain into high damage output
.
Moreover, the Cryo Resonance will boost Chongyun and Kaeya's damage, making them extremely optimized Secondary DPS for Keqing. Whereas Bennett provides a damage buff for Keqing, Xiangling's presence will give Keqing more than enough room to dish out killing blows. Thanks to
Xiangling's crowd control potential
, she can rain hell down on enemies while Keqing dashes to obliterate her foes.
Zhongli, Albedo, Jean
Players who want to maximize Keqing's offensive potential might leave her defenses vulnerable. In this regard, she might benefit from a
defense-oriented team
composed of
Zhongli (Geo), Albedo (Geo), and Jean (Anemo).
Geo users Zhongli and Albedo provide Geo Resonance, boosting their overall defense. Zhongli's defensive potential can help add much-needed sustain for the team.
Meanwhile, Albedo's stable attack patterns can add survivability to the setup. Additionally, Jean's presence as an Anemo user can offer much-needed
crowd control
. This should give Keqing more than enough time to stabilize her setups and dish out damage to enemy threats before they can punch through defenses.
Genshin Impact
was released in 2020 and is playable on PC, PS4, Android, and iOS.
Strategy Guides
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which recently released Nintendo cozy game do you prefer?
Pokemon Pokopia
Pokemon Pokopia
56.7%
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
43.3%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Avatar: The Last Airbender: Could Bloodbending Ever Have Been "Good"?
It's Official: Final Fantasy 14 Is Coming to Nintendo Switch 2
Naruto: 6 Best Naruto and Sasuke Combo Attacks