Best Team Compositions For Hydro Traveler In Genshin Impact
By
Loreana Cardones
Published
Nov 21, 2023, 1:45 PM EST
Loreana is a writer with experience in many different topics; an A student in a whole new sense of the word. Though she has now switched the undergrad and grad level academic writing for a bootleg Xbox controller to play her favorite gacha games with, she applies to gaming writing with the degree of rigor expected of a true scholar. That is NOT a Dottore reference (it is).
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Hydro Traveler's Best Overall Team: Nilou Bloom
Hydro Traveler Vaporize Team
Hydro Traveler Hyperbloom Team
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
The Traveler always plays the role of the introductory unit to every new nation in
Genshin Impact
. Their abilities will often mimic those of the respective Archon, albeit in a much less powerful way. As a unit, the Traveler has consistently allowed for some versatility, but they are easily outclassed by other units in the game.
Related
Genshin Impact: Best Builds For Hydro Traveler
Traveler gets a new set of skills every time a new region is released in Genshin Impact, and here's how you can build the Hydro one.
Posts
By
Sanyam Jain
Hydro Traveler, in particular, is hard to pin down. They are certainly not a powerhouse, they have a niche play style that can feel clunky, and they fail to live up to the potential of the mighty Hydro supports already on the roster. However, with some determination, they can still find a place in some of your teams.
Hydro Traveler's Best Overall Team: Nilou Bloom
This might be a surprising option for Hydro Traveler, considering that
the Dendro variant of this character is already known to have a role in Nilou Bloom
, providing some solid support to this team. However,
Hydro Traveler has unexpectedly good utility in Nilou Bloom
thanks to their ability to use
ranged Hydro attacks faster than most single-target ranged Hydro units
.
Coupled with their outstanding resistance to interruption, and their slow Hydro application,
they can be used in
multi-target situations to hit targets standing further away from the heart of the battle
. The best Nilou Bloom composition for this character is:
Hydro Traveler
: Reaction Support (requires on-field time, provides okay personal DMG)
Nilou
: Main DPS (flexible on-field and off-field)
Sangonomiya Kokomi
: Healer, Reaction Support
Nahida
: Sub DPS (off-field)
Character
Action
Nahida
Nahida's Burst can enhance an active character within the AoE of her Shrine of Maya
based on certain principles. Hydro, Electro, and Pyro, as the only elements that react with Dendro, can cause
unique effects on her Burst's behavior when other characters in her team wield any of these elements.
In this case, as she is in a heavily Hydro-based team,
the duration of the Shrine of Maya will be extended.
Deploy this Elemental Burst to give Nahida's Tri-Karma Purification damage
a lengthy buff, and then
deploy her Elemental Skill to mark up to eight opponents
with the
Seed of Skandha, which will connect them.
Nilou
When Nilou takes the field, you must
quickly trigger her Elemental Skill to begin the Dance of Haftkarsvar
. If you intend to use her as an on-field DPS, you can
finish this state by consuming the three stacks
of the Dance of Haftkarsvar using Normal Attacks, which
will change her Normal Attacks into special Hydro Attacks
. On the other hand, to use her off-field, use her Elemental Skill twice so
she creates a Whirling Water Wheel that will follow the active character and apply Hydro.
What's important when using Nilou is
triggering her Passive Talent: Court of Dancing Petals
. This only happens when
the team is composed solely of Dendro and Hydro characters
, and
when the active character takes Dendro DMG. Nilou will help to boost her teammates' Elemental Mastery by 100
upon triggering her Court of Dancing Petals talent, and she will aid in the creation of Bountiful Cores
, which are essentially an upgraded version of Dendro Cores that
deal more DMG, have a larger AoE, and explode faster
.
Sangonomiya Kokomi
Kokomi's Elemental Skill
grants you 12 seconds of consistent Hydro applicatio
n to aid in the
production of Bountiful Cores. This also serves to heal any allies in need throughout a rotation, which
is crucial in a Nilou Bloom team because characters will need to
actively take DMG from Dendro Cores
.
Hydro Traveler
Traveler will not always be completely necessary, but
they will excel in multi-target situations
. As
the AoE for
other Hydro units will be limited
to the area directly by the characters or within a certain radius of them, Traveler can use their
Elemental Skill to hit targets outside this area
. Hold down the Elemental Skill to
enter aiming mode and sweep through those opponents
standing far away to
prompt the creation of Bountiful Cores
at those locations too.
Viable Replacements
There is a more F2P variant of a Nilou Bloom team that can use Hydro Traveler as a teammate:
Nilou
playing the same role.
Yaoyao
as a Reaction Support and Healer.
Collei
as the main Dendro applicator and primary Reaction Support.
Traveler
also playing the same role and requiring similar on-field time.
Traveler does not serve the same niche role in this alternative version
, as this team is more effective in single-target situations, and as such, it is
not an optimal setup for them
.
The rotation uses
Nilou's
off-field version of her Elemental Skill
to prompt Hydro application, followed by
Yaoyao's
Elemental Skill to apply Dendro
at intervals. Then,
Collei's Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst
for more Dendro applications. And last,
Hydro Traveler's Elemental Skill (hold).
Hydro Traveler Vaporize Team
In this team composition,
Hydro Traveler takes on the role of the primary DMG dealer
. The rest of the team works as
off-field supports to boost their performance
and make them stronger.
The biggest downside of this team is that it has
exceedingly high energy requirements
. This might be an issue in some situations as
Traveler's DMG will still not be anything outstanding
, even with the support of all other teammates.
This team composition can help you
make the most of Hydro Traveler's offensive capacity
, though. The lineup consists of:
Hydro Traveler
: Main DPS (on-field)
Mona
: Sub DPS (off-field)
Bennett
: Reaction Support and Healer
Kaedehara Kazuha
:
Reaction Support
Character
Action
Bennett
Trigger his Elemental Burst
immediately on battle start. This will deploy an
Inspiration Field in the form of a small AoE
. In this area, characters receive
attack buffs or, if necessary, get healed
.
Kaedehara Kazuha
Then you can quickly switch to
Kazuha and
deploy his Elemental Burst as well, causing it to become infused with Pyro
. This will apply Pyro to nearby enemies, setting the
perfect conditions for Vaporize
.
Mona
Follow up by
using Mona's Elemental Burst
. Though there are some
complicated mechanics behind playing Mona
and the way her buffs work in practice, the
main concern for this formation is that she serves as a support for the Traveler
, so you won't need to worry about timing and other conditions when using her burst.
Hydro Traveler
Lastly, use
Traveler's Elemental Skill
(hold) to shoot projectiles at the enemies while buffed by all other party members. Their
DMG should be generally improved
under these conditions.
Sucrose is a good alternative for Kazuha
in most compositions as a four-star with
decent grouping abilities and a burst that can incapacitate smaller enemies
.
Hydro Traveler Hyperbloom Team
Hyperbloom teams have become the default best teams
ever since the release of the Dendro element. This is
thanks to the relatively low investment and near autopilot nature
of the Hyperbloom play style.
These teams are
usually composed of a Dendro applicator, a Hydro applicator, an Electro applicator, and a driver
character tasked with the function of
triggering the reactions
.
The element of the driver can be essentially anything
, as demonstrated by the
many ideal Cryo drivers and crowd control units
that work perfectly in Hyperbloom.
In this case,
Hydro Traveler would be the driver and double as another Hydro reaction support
in the process. Using the most popular Hyperbloom composition is the ideal scenario for Hydro Traveler, which leaves us with the following team composition:
Hydro Traveler
: Driver (on-field)
Yelan
: Sub DPS, Reaction Support
Kuki Shinobu
: Healer, Reaction Support
Nahida
: Sub DPS, Reaction Support
Character
Action
Nahida
Trigger her Elemental Burst
to buff allies.
In this case, as there are
both Hydro and Electro characters in the party
the duration of the Shrine of Maya will be extended, and
the intervals for Tri-Karma Purification will get shorter
. Trigger
her Elemental Skill by
pressing to "scan"
enemies and
lock the Seed of Skandha on them
, facilitating Dendro reactions.
Yelan
Trigger her Elemental Burst
, which gives the active character the ability to
trigger Hydro application
with normal attacks. Yelan's Burst can
only launch a coordinated Hydro attack at one-second intervals
. The consistent Hydro application from this effect will interact with Nahida's
Dendro application to generate Dendro Cores
.
Kuki Shinobu
Activating Shinobu's Elemental Burst
will create an Electro Field that can cause
all Dendro Cores in its AoE
to immediately "activate,"
dealing moderate Dendro DMG
. Triggering her
Elemental Skill creates a Grass Ring of Sanctification
that deals
Electro DMG to nearby opponents
and follows your character around, while also providing healing.
Hydro Traveler
Hydro Traveler, as the reaction driver, will need to
rely on their Normal Attack to a certain extent
in this team composition. With that said,
they can sub in as Hydro applicators as well
when necessary.
As usual,
Yelan
can be replaced by
Xingqiu
in this composition
with essentially no decrease in performance. On the other hand,
finding a replacement for Nahida can be tough
, as Hyperbloom teams are heavily dependent on her abilities, but
you can insert
other Dendro units like Yaoyao or Collei
here.
Dendro Traveler is the best Traveler variant overall
, and they easily outperform Hydro Traveler in most (if not all) teams where Hydro Traveler can fit,
except Freeze teams
(keep in mind
their Hydro application is not the best for Freeze
if you're going this route). Nevertheless, if you intend to use Hydro Traveler and make them work, you will find
that they remain versatile within their obvious limitations.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: Best Weapons For Hydro Traveler
Live-Service Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
25.9%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
20.6%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.0%
007 First Light
007 First Light
8.1%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
10.9%
Other
Other
22.5%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Dragon Ball Age 1000 Officially Revealed As Xenoverse 3
Nearly Half Of Games Industry Professionals Have Considered Leaving The Industry, Survey Suggests
Assassin's Creed Black Flag Remake Is Now Being Teased In The Animus Hub