The Best Build And Play Guide For Mualani In Genshin Impact
By
Sanyam Jain
Published
Aug 30, 2024, 1:00 AM EDT
Sanyam Jain is a Staff Writer at TheGamer who has worked as a professional gaming journalist since 2022. A Journalism and Mass Communication graduate, he has been testing the limits of the games he plays for as long as he can remember.
An expert in RPG, Open-World, and Gacha games, Sanyam's articles are based on hours upon hours of testing with every new character, mechanic, or puzzle to ensure that you get every information you'll need about it.
Add Us On
Jump links
Genshin Impact: Complete Guide
Jump Links
Best Mualani Builds
Mualani Artifact Stat Priority
Mualani Talent Priority
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Thread
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Genshin Impact
has come quite a long way, and it has also seen the release of its sixth main region called Natlan during the Version 5.0 update. Alongside this region,
Mualani
was the first five-star limited character to be released, and she's a Hydro character ready to break every enemy that challenges you.
Related
Genshin Impact: Ascension Materials For Emilie
If you want to upgrade Emilie in Genshin Impact, you'll have to go all around Fontaine and get some specific materials.
Posts
By
Sanyam Jain
Mualani uses a Catalyst as a weapon, and her high damage numbers will already surprise you even if you haven't built her properly. However, once you give her the gear she needs, she'll easily help you clear all the endgame content as well.
Best Mualani Builds
One of the first things you'll notice after pulling Mualani is her ability to make Natlan's exploration and movement much smoother. While you can already control some Saurians in this region to move, climb, and swim faster, Mualani makes two of these aspects
even faster with her Elemental Skill or the quick swap ability
.
Whenever you trigger one of these, Mualani starts
riding her shark surfboard until she runs out of both Nightsoul and Phlogiston
. Her main damage also comes during this Nightsoul mode as she can get Wave Momentum stacks whenever you go through an enemy, which increases your damage and gives you a buffed normal attack after getting three stacks.
While your damage increases even after the first two stacks, it's recommended to get three since this can
spawn a puffer that gives you some more Nightsoul energy
.
Mualani's Elemental Burst can also deal quite a lot of damage, especially if you use multiple Natlan
characters in a party with her and trigger a bunch of Nightsoul Bursts
, which increase her own Burst damage with each stack. With all this in mind, here are the best artifacts and weapons you can use while building Mualani:
Mualani DPS Build
Artifacts
Obsidian Codex, Heart of Depth
Weapons
Surf's Up, Lost Prayer to the Sacred Winds, Ring of Yaxche
This build is generally what you'd want to use on Mualani as the endgame build
since it gives her the most damage output at the most regular pace
. Obsidian Codex is an artifact set released alongside Mualani in the Version 5.0 update, and it can not only increase her Nightsoul mode damage, but also give her a whopping 40 percent Crit Rate.
Since this set can be a little difficult to farm, especially if you haven't reached Natlan yet, you can use Heart of Depth for the time being as
this set also increases your Normal Attack DMG
, which is perfect for Mualani. As for the weapons, there's no debating the fact that Mualani's signature weapon serves the best for the build with its high 88.2 percent Crit DMG.
Though you can use the other two weapons suggested above to get enough damage for endgame content as well, with
Ring of Yaxche being the possible better choice
at Refinement Five.
Mualani Situational Build
Artifacts
Marechaussee Hunter
Weapons
The Widsith
If you've been playing since the
start of Fontaine's release
, you've likely
farmed a ton of Marechaussee Hunter pieces since it was the best set
at the time. If that's true, using this situational build might be better for Mualani until you can get her proper build with Obsidian Codex, though it has a few conditions attached.
Marechaussee Hunter requires you to lose HP to get the required Crit Rate, which means you'll likely have to use Furina alongside a healer on your team for this to work out. Similarly, The Widsith can
give her one of the random buffs whenever you switch to Mualani
, and you'd want the buffs other than ATK Percent for this to work since she's HP-scaling.
You can also use the Marechaussee set or The Widsith with the other artifacts and weapons mentioned above, though
you'll have a hard time maintaining a good Crit Ratio
in that scenario.
Mualani Artifact Stat Priority
Choosing the right artifact stats is more important for a character than getting the right set or weapon on them since
you get the most value from the stats that you get with these
. Here are the best stats to use for Mualani for each piece:
Type
Main Stat Priority
Sub Stat Priority
Flower
HP
Crit DMG/Rate > HP Percent > Elemental Mastery
Feather
ATK
Crit DMG/Rate > HP Percent > Elemental Mastery
Sands
HP Percent
Crit DMG/Rate > Elemental Mastery > Energy Recharge
Goblet
Hydro DMG Bonus
Crit DMG/Rate > HP Percent > Elemental Mastery
Circlet
Crit Rate/DMG
Crit DMG/Rate > HP Percent > Elemental Mastery
We've mentioned the four perfect sub-stats to get on each of your pieces, though that's
quite hard to get even after farming for a long time
.
As long as you have at
least three of those stats on each piece
with a healthy Crit Ratio on Mualani, you can consider her built.
The main stat for your Circlet will be decided based on the artifact set and weapons that you're using. For example, if you're using the Obsidian Codex set, you
would want your main stat to be Crit DMG
since you already get a lot of Crit Rate.
Mualani Talent Priority
If you've given Mualani's kit a read, you've probably realized that her Normal Attack DMG is the main source of her damage output, which is ironic
because you don't even have to upgrade her Normal Attack talent
. Her Elemental Skill has a separate multiplier for her buffed Normal Attacks in the Nightsoul mode, which will be your target.
This makes Mualani's
Elemental Skill the priority for upgrades
, and you can
focus on her Burst
after that. You can simply ignore her Normal Attack talent after upgrading it to level six unless you like the character and want to triple-crown her.
Next
Genshin Impact: 8 Best Characters For A Hyperbloom Team
Create the perfect Hyperbloom team by choosing these characters we've ranked based on their abilities.
Posts
By
Asad Kashif
Previous
Ascension Materials For Sigewinne
All
Genshin Impact: Complete Guide
Next
Best Weapons For Mualani
Live-Service Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
24.7%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
20.1%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.7%
007 First Light
007 First Light
8.9%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.7%
Other
Other
22.0%
See Results
Submit
Read Next
Genshin Impact: Complete Guide
Ascension Materials For Sigewinne
Best Weapons For Mualani
Best Team Compositions For Mualani