Venti Team Comp Guide - Genshin Impact
venti-team-composition-1
By
Scott Vengel
Updated
Sep 28, 2022, 9:30 AM EDT
Scott Vengel is a writer and hobbyist based in Pennsylvania. From education to video games, he has written in a variety of different fields. He has had a passion for games since his childhood with series like Genshin Impact, the Touhou Project, and Pokemon.
Sign in to your
GameRant
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Table of contents
The Sumeru Region Basics and First Steps
The Sumeru Region Basics and First Steps
> What to Do First in Sumeru
Important Places and Locations
Important Places and Locations
> How to Unlock the Tree of Dreams and Use Dendro Sigils
> How to Unlock Sumeru Daily Commissions and Sumeru Reputation
> Sumeru Shrines of Depths - All Locations
> Every Merchant in Sumeru, Where to Find Them, and What They Sell
Domain Unlock Guides
Domain Unlock Guides
> How to Unlock the Altar of Mirages Domain
> How to Unlock the Garden of Endless Pillars Domain
> How to Unlock the Fane of Panjvahe Domain
> How to Unlock the City of the Deceased Domain
Items
Items
> How to Unlock Sumeru Forge Weapons
> How to Use the Boon of the Elder Tree
> All Radiant Spincrystal Locations in Sumeru
> Consecrated Beast Locations
> All Dendroculus Locations in Gavireh Lajavard and Realm of Farakhkert
Sumeru Local Specialties
Sumeru Local Specialties
> Rukkhashava Mushroom Locations
> Rukkhashava Mushroom Locations
> Nilotpala Lotus Locations
> Nilotpala Lotus Locations
> Kalpalata Lotus Locations
> Kalpalata Lotus Locations
> Padisarah Locations
> Padisarah Locations
> Scarab Locations
> Scarab Locations
> Henna Berry Locations
> Henna Berry Locations
> Sand Grease Pupa Locations
> Sand Grease Pupa Locations
> Mourning Flower Locations
> Mourning Flower Locations
> Trishiraite Locations
> Trishiraite Locations
> All Sumeru Food Recipe Sources and Locations
> All Sumeru Food Recipe Sources and Locations
Mechanics and Tutorials
Mechanics and Tutorials
> How to Destroy the Stone Pillar Seals
> How to Destroy the Withering
> How to Complete the Trial of the Phantasmal Seed
> How to Use Dendrograna
Dendro
Dendro
> All Dendro Reactions, Explained
Sumeru Boss Guides
Sumeru Boss Guides
World Bosses (Character Ascension Materials)
World Bosses (Character Ascension Materials)
> Boss Guide: Jadeplume Terrorshroom
> Boss Guide: Jadeplume Terrorshroom
> Boss Guide: Electro Regisvine
> Boss Guide: Electro Regisvine
> Boss Guide: Aeonblight Drake
> Boss Guide: Aeonblight Drake
> Boss Guide: Algorithm of Semi-Intransient Matrix of Overseer Network
> Boss Guide: Algorithm of Semi-Intransient Matrix of Overseer Network
> Boss Guide: Dendro Hypostasis
> Boss Guide: Dendro Hypostasis
> Boss Guide: Setekh Wenut
> Boss Guide: Setekh Wenut
> Boss Guide: Iniquitous Baptist
> Boss Guide: Iniquitous Baptist
Trounce Domains (Character Talent Upgrade Materials)
Trounce Domains (Character Talent Upgrade Materials)
> Boss Guide: Joururi Workshop (Scaramouche)
> Boss Guide: Joururi Workshop (Scaramouche)
> Boss Guide: Realm of Beginnings (The Guardian of Apep's Oasis)
> Boss Guide: Realm of Beginnings (The Guardian of Apep's Oasis)
Quest Guides
Quest Guides
Sumeru Hangout Events
Sumeru Hangout Events
> Layla Hangout Guide - How to Get All Endings
> Faruzan Hangout Guide - How to Get All Endings
> Kaveh Hangout Guide - How to Get All Endings
Sumeru Archon Quest Help
Sumeru Archon Quest Help
> A Lamenter at Fate's End Quest: How to Continue Exploring the Unknown Sanctuary
> The Answers to Setaria's Questions (Like a Triumphant Hero)
> Mysterious Ruins Puzzle Solutions (Secret of the Scorching Desert)
The Aranyaka
The Aranyaka
> How to Find the Branch Together with Aranakula
> Chapter 1 of The Aranyaka (Woodland Encounter)
> Chapter 3 of the Aranyaka (Varuna Gatha)
> Chapter 4 of the Aranyaka (Agnihotra Sutra)
> Chapter 5 of the Aranyaka (Vimana Agama)
> How to Proceed to the Location Shown in the Painting (Static Views)
> Jazari's Chapter: How to Connect all Four Relays in the Middle
> How to Lower the Water Level in Royinjan's Chapter
> Every Stone Pillar Seal Location in Sumeru (Legends of the Stone Lock)
> Vasmtri: Every Nursery Location in Sumeru
> All Aranara Locations (For Meritous Service Achievement)
> How to Unlock Garcia's Paean (Complete Liyue to Sumeru Guide)
The Great Red Sand Area Walkthroughs
The Great Red Sand Area Walkthroughs
> How to Increase Clearance
> How to Completely Upgrade the Jinni Bottle
> How to Proceed Deeper Within the Ruins (The Secret of Al-Ahmar Quest)
> How to Try to Open the Coffin (The Secret of Al-Ahmar)
> How to Go to the Location Indicated by the Stone Slate (Dual Evidence)
> Puzzle Guide: Sekhem Hall (Luxurious Chest and Two Precious Chests)
> How to Operate the Prism of Khaj-Nisut (Dreams Beneath the Searing Sand)
> How to Get a Luxurious Chest at the Top of King Deshret's Mausoleum
> All Primal Obelisk Locations
> All Primal Obelisk Locations
> All Mysterious Stone Slate Locations ("The Nameless City's Past" Achievement)
> How to Solve the Cascade Pool Puzzle
> Where to Find the Fatui Stronghold Key
> How to Solve the Unchanging Past Flower Puzzle in the Eternal Oasis (Orchard of Pairidaeza)
> How to Get Every Chess Piece for the Temple of Gurabad (Safhe Shatranj)
> Dune-Entombed Fecundity: Part I - How to Find Another Way to Enter the Central Area
> Dune-Entombed Fecundity: Part II - How to Restore Power to the Left Arm
> How to Solve the Liloupar's Cell Dendro Monument Puzzle
> How to Solve the Stone Symbol Puzzle (Weathered Obelisk Puzzle Guide)
> Wounded Shin Valley Elemental Monument Puzzle (Luxurious Chest)
> Safhe Shatranj Cascade Pool Puzzle Solution (Luxurious and Common Chest Reward)
> How to Enter the Defiled Chamber to Search for the Spenta Hearts (The Hymn of Tir Yazad)
> Quest Guide: A Gifted Rose
> Quest Guide: A Gifted Rose
> All Golden Rose Seed Locations
> How to Get the Password to Enter Thutmose's Secret Base (Hidden Mercenaries - Soheil's Wish)
Girdle of the Sands Area Walkthroughs
Girdle of the Sands Area Walkthroughs
> All Fravashi Tree Locations (Pale Fire)
> All Plume of Purifying Light Locations
> Udumbara Locations Guide
> How to Use Sorush and All Her Abilities
As the Khvarena Light Shows Quest Guides
As the Khvarena Light Shows Quest Guides
> How to Connect the Three Devices Near the Elevator and Activate the Central Control Device
> How to Use the Farrwick to Link the Circuit and Activate the Left Machine Door
> How to Link the Circuit and Activate the Right Machine Door
> How to Connect the Circuit (As the Khvarena's Light Shows: Nirodha)
> How to Open the Ruins' Gate (As the Khvarena's Light Shows: Nirodha)
> How to Find the Energy Block and Return to the Control Center (As the Khvarena's Light Shows: Nirodha)
> Achievement Guide: How to Purify All Sunyata Flowers (The Sea of Fertility)
> How to Drain the Water and Get the Kory Drum - Trial of Submerged Waves (Awakening's Real Sound)
> How to Perform According to the Drum Score (Awakening's Real Sound)
> How to Light Up All the Bright Flame Altars (Awakening's Real Sound)
> How to Search for the Lost Monument Fragments with Sorush's Help (Monumental Study)
> How to Follow the Footprints and Search for Clues (Investigate the Fatui Camp Marked by Sosi)
> How to Awaken the Power of Khvarena and Disperse the Purple Mist (Asipattravana Itihasa)
> Quest Guide: An Artist Adrift
> Quest Guide: An Artist Adrift
> How to Search the Road for the Missing Sketch (An Artist Adrift)
> How to Solve the Luxurious Chest Puzzle in Asipattravana Swamp (Trapped Seelies)
Achievement Guide: Seven Dish Dance (Luxurious Chest and Six Exquisite Chests)
> How to Solve the Luxurious Chest Puzzle in Vourukasha Oasis (Mayflies and Seelies)
Sumeru Achievement Guides
Sumeru Achievement Guides
> Achievement Guide: The Random Circumstances of a Rose's Blooming
> Achievement Guide: Encore!
> Achievement Guide: Song of Night and Dawn
> Achievement Guide: Date of Departure
> Achievement Guide: They Enter the Flow
> Achievement Guide: Beyond the Shadow of Time
> Achievement Guide: Through to the Earth I May Return
> Achievement Guide: The End of the Corridor (Glinting Component Locations)
> Achievement Guide: A Well-Trained Archaeologist (Primal Obelisk Locations)
> Achievement Guide: Hunter's Mercy (Tadhla the Falcon Quest)
> Achievement Guide: La Luna Rossa (Where to Find Every Activation Device for the Chessboard)
> Achievement Guide: Isn't Life Wondrous?
> Achievement Guide: How Do You Write The Excavation Report?
Venti
Anemo
Bow
Mondstadt
Guides
Ascension
Builds
Weapons
Team Comp
Constellation
Player Mistakes
Back to All Characters
The
Archons that rule over Teyvat
have been among the most popular characters in
Genshin Impact
since the game first launched. For the longest time, the community considered fun-loving Venti to be the best character in the game.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Team Compositions To Pair With Ganyu
What makes an Archon unique in
Genshin Impact
is that they tend to play based on the characteristics of their element. In Venti's case, this comes in the form of crowd control, sucking opponents in with the power of Anemo and lifting him into the air. That said, Mondstadt's Archon offers a very different approach to
supporting his teammates
, so here are some of the best team compositions for Venti.
Updated September 28, 2022, by Nahda Nabiilah:
Venti has come a long way since he was released along with the first version of Genshin Impact. The Anemo Archon has faced various fates, from being the strongest character in the game to being underwhelming. Now, Venti is back to his previous state of being a strong unit, thanks to the many light-weighted
enemies of the Sumeru region
.
Two years after Genshin Impact's initial release, the roster has grown to over 50 playable characters from the original 22 (excluding the Main Character). To cater to the higher number of suitable characters, this article is updated to list more great options for Venti's team composition in Genshin Impact.
For Crowd Control:
In general, Anemo characters stand at the top of the roster for their crowd control capabilities. Naturally, for the top Anemo character among
five-star characters in the game
, Venti is well-known for his strong crowd control support. Of course, players will find building a DPS around the Anemo Archon's support abilities a good strategy.
Kamisato Ayaka
Melee characters are generally a poor pairing with Venti as they have issues reaching the enemies inside the Archon's vortex, but not Kamisato Ayaka. Kamisato Ayaka can easily hit opponents who are being thrown up and down inside Venti's ultimate, and this extends from her charged attack, elemental skill, and elemental burst.
When considering the fact that Venti can reduce the enemy's Cryo resistance and even serve as a
Genshin Impact
Battery
to help Ayaka regain her elemental burst, Venti's synergy with her becomes even more valuable.
Ganyu
In most tier-lists, Ganyu will reign at the top of the list as the queen of DPS. Granted, tier lists do need to be
taken with a grain of salt
, but it does paint a clear picture; Ganyu can be applied as a DPS in most teams, and a team with Venti is no exception. The partnership is distinct, with Venti bringing opponents together while Ganyu hits them with her blossoming arrows.
Sangonomiya Kokomi
Sangonomiya Kokomi Genshin Impact
Although Hydro is the worst element to swirl, Sangonomiya Kokomi is still a great pair with Venti. Thanks to the existence of the
Ocean-Hued Clam artifact set in
Genshin Impact
, the Watatsumi Priestess can now deal large damage while healing at the same time. Ocean-Hued Clam creates a small bubble that pops after around three seconds, dealing Physical damage in a small AoE. With Venti's crowd control, Kokomi will get to fully enjoy the bubble's damage as she no longer has to worry about the small AoE.
Rosaria
In most cases, Rosaria is more similar to Ganyu than not: high scaled damage, good Cryo application, and better in the company of a crowd control specialist. Likewise, Rosaria will work with Venti in the same fashion, using her talents while Venti brings opponents together. In the end, Rosaria is a great alternative to Ganyu and is a little more accessible to free-to-play players.
Yoimiya
Overall, Yoimiya has a very different playstyle than any other
bow user in
Genshin Impact
. Her elemental skill infuses her normal shots with Pyro, making her a very quick-paced archer that functions much more like a catalyst user. This is perfect for Venti's playstyle, allowing Yoimiya to easily fire several shots, all while creating a Swirl reaction with Venti's elemental burst. And, of course, Yoimiya also works well for applying Pyro to enemies for Venti's attacks beforehand.
However, what makes Venti especially excellent with Yoimiya is the fact that she often misses her shots. With Barbatos's crowd control, this will no longer be an issue. Additionally, Yoimiya's elemental burst will not deal damage unless a teammate hits the enemy, so with Venti, this effect can be properly optimized.
Beidou
Like Rosaria, Beidou offers
a highly-damaging skill
with a very narrow range. However, while the damage for Rosaria is flat regardless of being hit, Beidou must be hit before releasing her skill for max damage. To use Beidou to her full potential, Venti will be used to draw opponents together. This way, Beidou can both hit more opponents
and
have more opponents to hit her back to increase her skill's effects.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Builds For Rosaria
For Swirl:
The other unique quality of Anemo characters, Swirl is
an intense elemental reaction
that occurs when Anemo meets Pyro, Cryo, Electro, or Hydro. Effectively, the reaction deals double damage, one as the talent's natural damage and a second in the element added to the reaction. Naturally, for players looking to use Venti as a burst DPS, they are going to want to utilize this reaction in particular. These are some of the best Venti teams for the Swirl reaction.
Diluc
While Ganyu may be the best DPS for skilled tacticians, Diluc is another great DPS that is slightly easier to use. In a Venti team, players can utilize Diluc's environment-altering Pyro to maximize swirl damage in a very short amount of time. Not only this, but Venti can help with crowd control to make aiming easier with Diluc's burst.
Xingqiu
Few characters are must-haves in
Genshin Impact
. However, Xingqiu definitely is. Frankly speaking, Xingqiu can effectively be paired with nearly any DPS, given that his Rain Swords can be transferred. Using his Rain Swords, Venti's Swirl reactions can be enhanced even further than with just one element.
Klee
Generally speaking, catalyst users are the best for applying an elemental status to opponents in
Genshin Impact
because their normal attacks are automatically infused with an element. Klee was the original Pyro catalyst user, and her attacks allow for both normal attack applications and landmine applications after she leaves the field.
This allows Venti to easily create Swirl reactions even after Klee has left the field, making for an optimal partnership. Similarly, for players without Klee as a playable character, Yanfei can be used to a similar effect.
Fischl
While Xingqiu's talent is transferable, Fischl's skill is automated. Arguably, this is far better for a Swirl composition, as Electro status can be applied just before using Venti's skills. For best results, players should release Oz a few seconds before using Venti, perhaps using another character's skills in the in-between.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best DPS Characters & How To Use Them
Miscellaneous:
Some characters that benefit a Venti team composition will hold skills outside utilizing crowd control or swirl damage. In most cases, these characters offer a skill that Venti does not, like damage boosting or healing, or help to counter a downside to Venti's skill set. Here are some of the best characters for a missing third slot in the team:
Bennett
When looking
among support characters
, few master the role as much as Bennett. At least, Bennett is the most versatile member of the cast, featuring both damage boosts and healing. In this way, Bennett is used with Venti to create a kill-zone in combination with Venti's crowd control and Swirl reactions (in addition to acting as the main healer.)
Zhongli
Where healing fails, a good defense must rise to the occasion. This is what Zhongli brings to a Venti team composition, creating shielding to prevent both damage and unwanted interruptions. Of course, the increase in defense works to assist Venti and the main DPS of the team composition, who is more likely to take excessive amounts of damage.
Diona
The cat-eared bartender of the Cat's Tail actually makes for a very good healer for Venti. Diona offers one benefit that only one other healer provides, in that she creates a shield with her elemental skill. Because bow users are prone to being interrupted in aiming their shots, Diona's shield helps to alleviate this concern. Those who own Diona's final Constellation in
Genshin Impact
will also enjoy a 200 Elemental Mastery buff when she uses her ultimate. In addition, her healing is tied to a zone of effect, allowing for optimized healing when necessary.
Shenhe
Shenhe is an excellent support that's specifically designed to boost Cryo hits. She allows characters like Ganyu and Kamisato Ayaka to perform much better than they already do, and despite her buff being (seemingly) too little, the damage increase Shenhe provides is prominent enough to clear the enemies out quickly, making the too-little buff sufficient even for the hardest content. With Venti,
Genshin Impact
Shenhe
can boost his skill and burst damage and a few of his Cryo absorption. The exorcist also reduces the enemies' Cryo resistance, allowing Venti to deal higher Cryo and Swirl damage.
Most Optimal Venti Team Comp: Venti/Ganyu/Sangonomiya Kokomi/Shenhe
The most optimal party for Venti's team composition would easily be the Morgana team. This meta perma-freeze team is one of the
best compositions for
Genshin Impact
Spiral Abyss
, and it focuses on the idea of keeping the enemies immobilized permanently by utilizing the
Frozen
elemental reaction.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: What Is The Morgana Team Composition?
Originally, the Morgana team consisted of Venti, Ganyu, Mona, and Diona, but more variations are now available. As of now, the most optimal Morgana team would likely be Venti, Ganyu (or Kamisato Ayaka), Sangonomiya Kokomi, and Shenhe. Here's a breakdown of what each character would do:
Venti
: Crowd control and Swirl
Sangonomiya Kokomi
: Hydro enabler and healer
Shenhe
: Buffer, debuffer, and Cryo enabler
Ganyu
: Main DPS
This team is a high-cost composition since it's made from all 5-star units, but that's probably why it's currently the best option.
Strategy Guides
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which recently released Nintendo cozy game do you prefer?
Pokemon Pokopia
Pokemon Pokopia
57.3%
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
42.7%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
When Does Star Wars: Maul - Shadow Lord Take Place?
One Piece Is Getting Ready To Unveil Its Strongest Logia Fruit After 27 Years
Dungeon Crawler Carl Now Has Its Own Co-Op Game