Genshin Impact Escoffier build guide: Artifacts, weapons, and more
Gaming
May 3, 2025
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
WhatsApp
Escoffier is the newest 5-star character in Genshin Impact,
released in Version 5.6
. She is a Cryo Sub-DPS that specializes in shredding Cryo and Hydro RES of enemies.
Getting the
best value out of Escoffier
requires equipping her with the best artifacts the game has to offer, along with leveling up her talents. This article provides a full guide on how to build Escoffier in
Genshin Impact
.
Escoffier Best Artifacts in Genshin Impact
Escoffier’s best Artifact set in Genshin Impact is
Golden Troupe
by a longshot. The artifact’s 2-pc and 4-pc effects work with Escoffier’s kit perfectly.
Other alternative sets include
Tenacity of the Millelith
and
Blizzard Strayer.
However, it’s highly recommended to farm for the Golden Troupe artifact set.
Escoffier Artifact stats, substats and Talent priority in Genshin Impact
Escoffier’s recommended Artifact stats and substats in Genshin Impact aren’t too complicated to farm for. Focus on getting the follow stats for Escoffier’s Artifacts:
Sands: ATK%
Goblet: ATK% or Cryo DMG %
(Shenhe teams)
Circlet: CRIT Rate/DMG
Substat priority: Energy Recharge (150-200%) > CRIT Rate/DMG > ATK%
As for Escoffier’s talent priority, the following order is the most optimal:
Elemental Skill > Elemental Burst > Normal Attack
Escoffier Best Weapons in Genshin Impact
Here are some of Escoffier’s best weapons in Genshin Impact:
Symphonist of Scents (Escoffier’s signature weapon)
Staff of Homa
Engulfing Lightning
Calamity Queller
Skyward Spine
Lumidouce Elegy
Favonius Lance
Deathmatch
Tamayuratei no Ohonashi
Mountain-Bracing Bolt
Related
Bethesda faces backlash after a deleted video allegedly mocked Charlie Kirk's death
Symphonist of Scents, which is
featured in the Version 5.6 weapon banner
, is Escoffier’s best weapon, as it is tailored for her kit. However, any 5-star polearm can serve as a good stat stick for Escoffier.
As for 4-star options that are F2P friendly, you can’t go wrong with the Favonius Lance. It provides a lot of Energy Recharge which Escoffier really needs.
Tags
Genshin Impact
Open World Games
PC Gaming
Siddarth Narasimman
Siddarth Narasimman is an Esports and Gaming writer who specializes in covering a wide array of games. His primary focus lies in Genshin Impact, Wuthering Waves, Zenless Zone Zero, League of Legends, Counter-Strike, and Valorant, with additional expertise on games such as Dead by Daylight, Marvel Rivals, and Hollow Knight.Apart from writing, Siddarth loves to hit the gym and spend time watching interesting videos and TV shows.
Search
Latest articles
Top 7 Games where the antagonist is an AI
April 21, 2026
How Windows is ruining perfectly good laptops
April 20, 2026
How Deadlock is changing MOBA forever
April 20, 2026
Steam’s all-expense-paid Hawaii trip wins fans while Epic Games faces backlash over job cuts and blame game
April 17, 2026
Previous article
Genshin Impact 5.6 maintenance and release timings countdown
Next article
Best Escoffier teams in Genshin Impact
Related articles
Top 7 Games where the antagonist is an AI
Gaming
April 21, 2026
How Deadlock is changing MOBA forever
Gaming
April 20, 2026
Steam’s all-expense-paid Hawaii trip wins fans while Epic Games faces backlash over job cuts and blame game
Gaming
April 17, 2026