Top 10 Best Teammates For Eula In Genshin Impact 3.3
Muhammad Kumar
-
Dec 30, 2022
|
Mobile Games
Eula is a great damage dealer with the ability to deal massive Cryo and Physical damage at the same time. Here are the supports for her.
10 Best Characters For Raiden Shogun Teams In Genshin Impact 2023
Guide On How To Play Genius Invokation Card Game With Friends In Genshin Impact
Top 10 Best Teammates For Wanderer In Genshin Impact
Eula’s entire kit, with its many interactive components, serves one ultimate goal: make her Elemental Burst as strong as possible. Players need to pick the right characters to support her and maximize her damage.
Here are the top 10 best teammates for Eula in Genshin Impact 3.3.
1. Fischl
Fischl applies a consistent, long-existing Superconduct with minimal field time. 4 Tenacity of the Millelith is one of Fischl’s better artifact sets in Eula teams, which is easily farmable with Pale Flame. Eula Fischl is the original team that people have been using ever since Eula's debut.
Fischl is the best Electro support prior to the release of Raiden
The other two characters are 1 Cryo support and 1 flex - they keep Eula’s damage high and consistent, or provide her with defense. Except for Eula, all other units are usually 4*, making it very F2P friendly.
2. Raiden Shogun
A more expensive version of Fischl variations, Raiden’s Elemental Skill is basically a better Fischl. It applies consistent Electro for Superconduct and trades personal off-field damage for more damage on Bursts and Raiden’s on-field damage, which out-damages Fischl.
Raiden Shogun
Raiden significantly reduces the whole team’s energy requirements with her top-tier team-wide energy regeneration, making team building and investing a lot easier and more flexible (note: Eula will still need a Cryo battery, even with Raiden). These benefits come at the cost of a higher skill floor, as both Eula and Raiden need strict combos to play optimally.
3. Diona
Diona consolidates much of Eula’s needs in one neat, cheap, 4* package. High bursts of Energy generation in a short time with Hold E, proactive defense with shields, and reactive defense with her Elemental Burst healing. Diona with a R3+ Sacrificial Bow and a double Hold E is one of the best Energy generation methods for Eula.
Diona is a popular support for all Cryo characters
While she is best with a R3+ Sacrificial Bow, a Favonius Warbow can be okay. While Diona does open the flex position quite a bit, she will always be weaker in damage compared to more offensive Cryo batteries.
4. Rosaria
Rosaria is the more offensive option to Diona’s defensive, and in that regard, she is a very strong offensive battery for Eula, especially at C2. With consistent high Energy regeneration, CRIT Rate buffs, very noticeable damage with her own Elemental Burst, do not hesitate to use Rosaria if you need to use Diona elsewhere. She will serve you well in most situations.
Rosaria
While both Rosaria and Shenhe can reasonably maintain Cryo Resonance past the Lightfall explosion, Rosaria’s A4 CRIT share is inconsistent and should not be relied on without swapping early or using Song of Broken Pines.
5. Shenhe
Shenhe is the more expensive version of Rosaria: she shreds Physical Resistance when enemies are in her Burst, provides the same amount of Energy with her press E, applies Cryo about as frequently, and buffs the whole team’s damage via her Ascension 4 passive. At C1 she’s a comparable battery to Sacrificial Diona, and at C2 she’s Eula’s best offensive Cryo support. She slots into existing teams nicely as a Rosaria replacement if you have her, but don’t feel forced to pull if you already have a high Constellation Rosaria.
Shenhe is very expensive.
6. Zhongli
There is hardly anyone more universal than the Geo Archon. It doesn’t matter who you are, he will fit just fine in any comp. His Elemental Skill’s 20% universal shred helps every character, his shields provide unmatched comfort, and a 4pc Tenacity of the Millelith set is easily farmable with Pale Flame. Never a bad choice to use him if you have a spare slot.
Zhongli
7. Yelan
Yelan’s A4 buff is commonly overrated as both Eula and Raiden already have many DMG% buffs, and the team needs ATK% to the point where 4pc ToM Raiden can be optimal. However, damage is still damage, and Yelan’s buff works well with Eula’s back-loaded Burst and Raiden’s Burst following it. This team also is one of the best at breaking Elemental shields due to Yelan’s consistent Hydro application, which Eula teams can otherwise struggle against. Yelan’s rotations require Normal Attack weaving to maximize her Burst procs, and tight execution to maximize the damage.
Yelan
8. Kuki Shinobu
Shinobu is an Electro healer that can be mostly considered as a sidegrade to Fischl. Her Elemental Skill follows the active character and deals periodic damage, making Shinobu both a great Electro applier and 4pc Tenacity of the Millelith holder. Because she is a healer, she allows for more offensive Cryo batteries and flex units, such as Rosaria and Shenhe.
Kuki Shinobu is the first Electro healer.
Favonius Sword is also one of her best weapons, and her fast multi-hit Elemental Burst means you can reliably proc its passive without needing to invest too much into CRIT Rate. Her most relevant Constellation is her C2, which extends the duration of her Elemental Skill. At C0 she still performs fine with a few rotation changes, making her very affordable.
9. Bennett
One of the strengths of Eula is that she does not need Bennett. Her strict rotation times and combo patterns means she is quite restrictive with when and where she can use Bennett. In the worst cases, she can even make Bennett look mediocre. However, Bennett is still Bennett, and he is still broken. If you don’t need Bennett on your other team you can use him here, and he will reward you with the best DPS of any Eula team.
Bennett
10. Kaeya
Kaeya is a very slightly inferior option to Rosaria in a Eula comp, especially if Rosaria is at C2. While he can generate Energy over a long duration of time better than Rosaria, the higher Particle generated per cast by Rosaria makes her more appealing to Eula, who wants to get online as soon as possible. Still, a very good option, and he is free.
Kaeya is surprisingly effective as a battery for Eula.
>>> Read more:
5 Reasons To Pull Raiden Shogun In Genshin Impact 3.3 Rerun Banner
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
#Genshin Impact Guide
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025