By
Nica Osorio
@nicaIBTimes
Published
12/21/20 AT 12:03 AM EST
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Reddit
Share on Flipboard
Share on Pocket
KEY POINTS
"Genshin Impact" is set to receive a new update on Dec. 23
Update 1.2 will introduce the new Albedo Banner
Many players are wondering if the new banner is worthy of their Primogems
The Zhongli Banner in "Genshin Impact" was mired with controversy when it failed to meet fans' expectations. Now that miHoYo is preparing to release the Albedo Banne, some fans are wondering if the upcoming character is worth spending their hard-earned Primogems on. Here is everything we know so far about the forthcoming banner in the game.
What Kind Of Character Albedo Is
So far, Albedo seems like a relatively average five-star character. He is a support character that wields a single-handed sword and utilizes the Geo element. Among his most appealing abilities is his Elemental Skill called Solar Isotoma. It creates a floating platform that can boost on traversal. There is nothing outstanding about Albedo just yet, but maybe miHoYo would reveal more interesting details about him in a few days.
What Is The Chance Of Getting Albedo
Just like all other banners in "Genshin Impact," there is no guarantee that players would pull the featured character of the Albedo
Banner
. However, with the game's mercy system, players are guaranteed to get a five-star character on the 90th pull should they fail to secure one after 89 tries.
Master Albedo is an artist of rare talent. His strokes are subtle, and he weaves his alchemy into them.
Genshin Impact Official You Tube Channel
In other words, players have a 50% chance of pulling Albedo if it is not Zhongli. The next five-star has a 100% chance to be the character that the player desires. Players would have to make 180 Wishes at most to pull Albedo. Also, players who participated in the previous event banner but were unable to get the five-star character should expect that their progress would be carried over to the Albedo Banner.
Other Characters That Might Be In Albedo Banner
So far, Albedo is the only featured character miHoYo announced for the upcoming "Genshin Impact" banner. If the devs would not introduce a new four-star character, there is a high possibility that other rate-up characters would be included. This could include Bennett, Lisa and
Kaeya
. These three are the only characters that are yet to be featured on a rate-up banner.
Earlier "Genshin Impact" leaks claimed that the Cryo character Rosario might be introduced alongside the Albedo Banner, but this is yet to be confirmed by miHoYo. Other fans speculate that Sucrose might launch in the upcoming banner because of his link with Albedo.
Albedo Banner Release Date
miHoYo has not yet officially announced the exact start time and date of the Albedo Banner. However, the game developer earlier announced that the upcoming banner would launch alongside Update 1.2, which is set to roll out on Dec. 23. The banner would likely run for 20 days, which means it would end on Jan. 20.
RELATED STORIES
'Genshin Impact' Zhongli Banner Guide: Should Players Roll It?
‘Cyberpunk 2077’ Guide: How to Get The Legendary Mantis Blades For Free
'Cyberpunk 2077' Guide: How To Turn In Bounties And Collect Rewards
© Copyright IBTimes 2026. All rights reserved.