Task Search
Checklists
Guides
Markers
Videos
Sort and Filter
No Results
Checklists
New Checklist
All Lists
My Checklists
All
All Lists
My Checklists
How creative can you get with your first free checklist?
Create a free account
All Interactive Maps and Locations
Genshin Albedo Guide - Best Builds and Tips
By
Cedric Pabriga
,
Jen Rothery
,
Triforce
,
+30 more
Updated
:
Nov 9, 2022 4:08pm UTC
This page is part of IGN's Genshin Impact Wiki guide and details everything you need to know about Albedo, which includes a full character overview, how to obtain Albedo, combat details, talents, and skill upgrade priorities, a recommended character build, and much more.
The meek and mysterious Chief Alchemist of the Knights of the Favonius, Albedo enters the fray! Aside from being the Chief Alchemist, he's also the Captain of the Investigation Team. Using his intellect and wits, it seems that there's no mystery unsolvable in front of him.
Want to skip to a specific section? Click on one of these links!
Albedo Character Overview
How To Get Albedo
Combat Details
Albedo's Talents and Skill Priorities
Albedo's Constellations
Best Albedo Character Builds
Best Weapons for Albedo
Best Artifacts for Albedo
Want to see how Albedo compares to other characters in Genshin Impact? Check out our complete
Genshin Impact Tier List
that ranks every character from Best to Worst.
Albedo Character Overview
Albedo is a mysterious member of the Knights of the Favonius. Not one to talk a lot, but he can be seen to be very considerate of the people around him. Namely,
Klee
,
Mona
, and
Sucrose
. Ever curious about his surroundings, he can be found studying the world around him and being in deep thought.
How To Get Albedo
Albedo is from the banner Secretum Secretorium. It's a character banner which means you'd need to wish for him.
Combat Details
Albedo is a Geo character who excels at being a sub DPS and support character. His talents scale from his DEF stat so ATK wouldn't do much for him. This also means that he can be quite tanky. His elemental skill remains on the field even after he's switched off, this also deals geo damage to the AoE around it which means that this can crystallize and drop crystals that give off shields.
Albedo's Talents and Skill Priorities
Albedo's skills and talents scale off of the DEF stat instead of the normal ATK stat. This can make him a little flexible which you'll see later.
Type
Name
Effect
Normal Attack
Favonius Bladework - Weiss
Normal Attack
Perform up to 5 rapid strikes.
Charged Attack
Consumes a certain amount of Stamina to unleash 2 rapid sword strikes.
Plunging Attack
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Elemental Skill
Abiogenesis: Solar Isotoma
Albedo creates a Solar Isotoma using alchemy, which deals AoE Geo DMG on appearance.
Solar Isotoma
When enemies within the Solar Isotoma zone are hit, the Solar Isotoma will generate Transient Blossoms which deal AoE Geo DMG. DMG dealt scales off Albedo's DEF.
Transient Blossoms can only be generated once every 2s.
When a character is located at the locus of the Solar Isotoma, the Solar Isotoma will accumulate Geo power to form a crystallized platform that lifts the character up to a certain height. Only one crystallized platform can exist at a time.
Solar Isotoma is considered a Geo construct.
Hold to designate the location of the skill.
Elemental Burst
Rite of Progeniture: Tectonic Tide
Under Albedo's command, Geo crystals surge and burst forth, dealing AoE Geo DMG in front of him.
If a Solar Isotoma created by Albedo himself is on the field, 7 Fatal Blossoms will be generated in the Solar Isotoma field, bursting violently into bloom and dealing AoE Geo DMG.
Tectonic Tide DMG and Fatal Blossom DMG will not generate Transient Blossoms.
First Ascension Passive
Calcite Might
Transient Blossoms generated by Abiogenesis: Solar Isotoma deal 25% more DMG to enemies whose HP is below 50%.
Fourth Ascension Passive
Homuncular Nature
Using Rite of Progeniture: Tectonic Tide increases the Elemental Mastery of nearby party members by 125 for 10s.
Passive Talent
Flash of Genius (Albedo)
When Albedo crafts Weapon Ascension Materials, he has a 10% chance to receive double the product.
For talent priorities, we recommend going:
Elemental Skill and Burst
Normal Attack
Albedo's Constellations
Albedo is a 5-star character from a character banner. This means that getting him can be quite hard or if you're going the whale route, it can be quite expensive.
Albedo at C0 is already good enough
, but constellation levels to look out for are C1, C2, and C6.
Constellation Name
In-Game Description
Flower of Eden (C1)
Transient Blossoms generated by Albedo's Abiogenesis: Solar Isotoma regenerate 1.2 Energy for Albedo.
Opening of Phanerozoic (C2)
Transient Blossoms generated by Abiogenesis: Solar Isotoma grant Albedo Fatal Reckoning for 30s:
Each stack of Fatal Reckoning increases DMG by 30% of Albedo's DEF.
The effect stacks up to 4 times.
Unleashing Rite of Progeniture: Tectonic Tide consumes all stacks of Fatal Reckoning, increasing the DMG dealt by the Tectonic Tide and Fatal Blossoms based on the number of stacks consumed.
Grace of Helios (C3)
Increases the level of Abiogenesis: Solar Isotoma by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Descent of Divinity (C4)
Solar Isotoma increases Plunging Attack DMG by 30% for active party members within the AoE.
Tide of Hadaen (C5)
Increases the Level of Rite of Progeniture: Tectonic Tide by 3.
Maximum Upgrade level is 15.
Dust of Purification (C6)
If active party members within the AoE are protected by a shield created by Crystallize, Solar Isotoma increases their DMG by 17%.
Best Albedo Character Builds
Albedo is one of the only
characters
that benefit heavily from a 3-star weapon as you'll see under Best Weapons for Albedo. For his artifact sets, there's only a single combination good for him. But make sure to balance his ATK and his DEF as even though his elemental skill scales off of his DEF, his elemental burst still scales off his ATK.
Best Weapons for Albedo
As mentioned above, one of his best in slots is a 3-star weapon.
Weapon Name
In-Game Description
Primordial Jade-Cutter
HP increased by 20%. Additionally, provides an ATK Bonus based on 1.2% of the wielder's Max HP.
Harbinger of Dawn
When HP is above 90%, increases CRIT Rate by 14%.
Festering Desire
Increases Elemental Skill DMG by
16
% and Elemental Skill CRIT Rate by 6%.
If you're wondering why Harbinger of Dawn is one of his best in slots, it's because Albedo would want to prioritize Crit in his weapons. The artifact set will handle the rest.
Best Artifacts for Albedo
The best artifact set for Albedo is 2 piece Archaic Petra and 2 piece Noblesse Oblige. For main
stats
to look out for, it's going to be ATK/DEF Sands, Geo DMG% Goblet, Crit Rate/Crit DMG Circlet depending on your crit rate. Because of the double scaling, it can be quite awkward to perfectly balance Albedo's DMG.
Artifact Name
In-Game Description
Archaic Petra
2-piece effect: Gain a 15% Geo DMG Bonus.
4-piece effect: Upon obtaining an Elemental Shard Created through a Crystallize Reaction, all party members gain a 35% DMG Bonus for that particular element for 10s. Only one form of Elemental DMG Bonus can be gained in this manner at any one time.
Noblesse Oblige
2-piece effect: Elemental Burst DMG +20%
4-piece effect: Using an Elemental Burst increase all party members' ATK by 20% for 12s. This effect cannot stack.
Don't forget to check out our
Characters
page, where you'll find a full list of
every character in Genshin Impact
, along with details regarding their combat
stats
, recommended builds, and even more.
Up Next:
Alhaitham Banner, Skills, Talents, and Constellations
Previous
Genshin Dendro Traveler Build: Best Weapons, Artifact, and Team
Next
Alhaitham Banner, Skills, Talents, and Constellations
Top Guide Sections
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna IV Release Time and Details
Genshin Impact Luna III Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna II Release Date and Details
Was this guide helpful?
Leave feedback
In This Guide
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Initial Release:
Sep 27, 2020
+2
Learn more
Go to comments