Genshin Impact
is an
open-world
adventure
RPG
game released by
miHoYo
in 2020. In a short span of time, the game has become one of the most successful open-world adventure RPG titles ever to have been released. This guide will be looking into one of the strongest support characters in Genshin Impact, Albedo, and the best weapons, artifacts, and materials required for his ascension.
Albedo: Playstyle and skill-set of the character
Seen having an overall friendly personality and known as the
Favonius Order’s Chief Alchemist
, we encounter him in the frigid environment of Dragonspine. With a goal to seek the truth of Teyvat as per his master’s request, he and the traveler crossed paths to know more about the anomaly that is the traveler in the main quest in Dragonspine.
Albedo is a
strong support
character that, when in the team, enables the player to deal Geo Damage while Albedo is switched out.
NAME / DESCRIPTION
TYPE
Bladework – Weiss
Normal Attack
Perform up to 5 rapid strikes.
Bladework – Weiss
Charge Attack
Consumes a certain amount of Stamina to unleash 2 rapid sword strikes.
Bladework – Weiss
Plunging Attack
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Abiogenesis: Solar Isotoma
Elemental Skill
Albedo creates a Solar Isotoma using alchemy, which deals
AoE Geo DMG
on appearance. Solar Isotoma has the following properties:
● When enemies within the Solar Isotoma zone take damage, the Solar Isotoma will generate Transient Blossoms which deal AoE Geo DMG. DMG dealt scales off Albedo’s DEF. Transient Blossoms can only be generated once every 2s.
● When a character is located at the locus of the Solar Isotoma, the Solar Isotoma will accumulate Geo power to form a crystallized platform that lifts the character up to a certain height. Only one crystallized platform can exist at a time.
● Solar Isotoma is a Geo Construct
Hold
to designate the location of the skill.
Rite of Progeniture: Tectonic Tide
Elemental Burst
Under Albedo’s command, Geo crystals surge and burst forth, dealing
AoE Geo DMG
in front of him. If a Solar Isotoma created by Albedo himself is on the field, 7 Fatal Blossoms will be generated in the Solar Isotoma field, bursting violently into bloom and dealing
AoE Geo DMG
.
Tectonic Tide DMG and Fatal Blossom DMG will not generate Transient Blossoms.
Albedo’s  Passive
Albedo has the most flexible playstyle that fits multiple teams. The most effective playstyle for Albedo is simply using his Elemental skill Abiogenesis: Solar Isotoma and deploying it in the field and then switching out with your main DPS to wreak havoc to enemies.
A properly built Albedo with decent artifacts and weapons will deal a lot of Geo damage via Transient Blossom proc. Once the 4th Ascension Passive is unlocked, you can put him with various teams that benefit from Elemental Reaction and deal further damage. Since his elemental skill is a Geo construct, using him with Geo teams that utilize Zhongli’s Pillar resonance will also be a viable option. His entire kit is flexible with any team comps and it’s up to you to test him and experiment with your team!
Name/Description
Type
Calcite Might
Transient Blossoms generated by Abiogenesis: Solar Isotoma deal 25% more DMG to opponents whose HP is below 50%.
1st Ascension Passive
Homuncular Nature
Using Rite of Progeniture: Tectonic Tide increases the Elemental Mastery of nearby party members by 125 for 10s.
4th Ascension Passive
Flash of Genius (Albedo)
When Albedo crafts Weapon Ascension Materials, he has a 10% chance to receive double the product.
Utility Passive
Artifacts Sets to farm for Albedo in Genshin Impact
Being flexible enough as he is in any team comps, he is also flexible with artifact sets as long as you build his DEF Stat. However, the most recommended artifact set to utilize his damage would be the
4-piece set Archaic Petra
. You can also try a
2-piece set Archaic Petra
and
2-piece set Noblesse Oblige
for more damage from your Elemental Burst, or
4-piece set Noblesse Oblige
for increasing the damage of your team members (if you don’t have characters with the same set since the 4-piece set doesn’t stack), or
4-piece set Tenacity of the Millelith
. One early game option is the
Defender’s Will artifact set
as it increases the DEF% of your character but falls in the late game due to the artifact being 4 star as its highest rarity.
Stats to look for when farming artifacts
Artifact
Main Stat
Sub Stat
Flower
Health (Default Stat)
CRIT DMG CRIT Rate DEF or ER DEF%
Plume
ATK (Default Stat)
CRIT DMG CRIT Rate DEF or ER DEF%
Sands
DEF%
CRIT DMG CRIT Rate DEF or ER DEF%
Goblet
Geo DMG Bonus
CRIT DMG CRIT Rate DEF or ER DEF%
Circlet
CRIT DMG or CRIT Rate
CRIT DMG CRIT Rate DEF or ER DEF%
Materials required for ascension of Albedo
Ascension Materials needed for Albedo
The material needed to ascend Keqing from Level 1 to Level 90 are as follows:
1
Prithiva Amethyst Silver
9
Prithiva  Amethyst Fragment
9
Prithiva  Amethyst Chunk
6
Prithiva  Amethyst Gemstone
48
Basalt Pillar
18
Divining Scroll
30
Sealed Scroll
36
Forbidden Curse Scroll
168
Cecilla
420,000
Mora
Experience
414 Hero’s wit, 13 Adventurer’s XP, 22 Wanderers advice, and 1,672,000 Mora
Talent Level up Materials needed for Albedo
These are the materials required for fully maxing the level of one Talent for Albedo. Keep in mind that there are 3 upgradable talents for each character in the game. For support characters, it is required to only spend levelling up the talents of Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst to save resources.
3
Teachings of Ballad
21
Guide to Ballad
38
Philosophies of Ballad
6
Divining Scroll
22
Sealed Scroll
31
Forbidden Curse Scroll
6
Tusk of Monoceros Caeli
1
Crown of Insight
1,652,500
Mora
Best weapons for Albedo in Genshin Impact
Weapons for Albedo
Raising Albedo to his full potential is the cheapest there is. The best weapon for Albedo would be
Harbinger of Dawn (3*)
due to its Crit DMG substat and fully utilizing its Crit rate passive since it’s most likely that you switch him for your main DPS and deal damage with that so Albedo’s Health would definitely be almost always full. Other weapons that might be good are:
Festering Desire (4*)
Traveler’s Handy Sword (3*)
Related – Genshin Impact: Where to find Sakura Bloom
That’s all for today’s Genshin Impact Albedo guide. Did you like our guide on
Albedo
in Genshin Impact?
Let us know in the
comments
below.
For more Mobile Gaming news and updates, join our
WhatsApp group
,
Telegram Group
,
or
Discord server
. Also, follow us on
Google News
,
Instagram
, and
Twitter
for quick updates.
Tags
Gacha Games
Genshin Impact