Genshin Impact: Best Albedo Team Comps For DPS And Support
Muhammad Kumar
-
Jan 04, 2022
|
Mobile Games
Albedo is one of the most powerful and versatile sub-DPS characters in Genshin Impact. Here's how to fit him into certain lineups.
5 Reasons Players Should Get Shenhe In Genshin Impact 2.4
Genshin Impact: Best Yoimiya Team Comp For High DPS
Genshin Impact: Best Keqing Team Comp For High DPS
Albedo is a 5-star Geo Sword character
in Genshin Impact. He is an excellent Sub-DPS and one of the few characters that effectively scales on Defense. In this article, we are going to showcase the best Albedo team comps for high DPS.
Table of Contents
1. Best Albedo Team Comps (Sub DPS/Support)
2. Best Albedo Team Comps (DPS)
3. F2P Albedo Team Comps
Albedo is mainly used as a sub DPS character, especially if you have an extra slot in the team.
1. Best Albedo Team Comps (Sub DPS/Support)
This is the main role of Albedo in a team. He can dish out a lot of sustained damage with his E and generate energy off-field. Furthermore, his burst also scales hard and does a lot of damage. Overall, Albedo is a great addition to a lot of teams, whether as a battery, extra AoE chip damage, or both.
Albedo Electro Charged team
Childe + Albedo + Fischl + Jean
This lineup uses the synergy of Albedo's turret and Fischl's Oz to great effect. It allows you to max your Oz damage in between electro charge procs with Childe. Venti (or any other Anemo) plays the crowd control role to group up enemies and swirl Electro. This way, you can delete large mobs in seconds.
Albedo's ability synergizes with Fischl's Oz pretty well, proccing Crystallize for Energy Regeneration.
Albedo and Fischl's damage allow Childe to stay on the field for his dagger form while still doing extra damage. As the duration of the field is 30 seconds, it syncs up perfectly with Childe's daggers duration.
Players can replace this combo with other Electro Charged lineups, but squads involving Fischl are still the most effective.
Albedo Itto Pure Geo team
Itto + Albedo + Gorou + Zhongli
In this comp, Itto is the main DPS supported by Albedo's damage. Zhongli serves as the shielder and Gorou is the main support.
Gorou has the most important role in this lineup, providing both Albedo and Itto with DEF bonus and Geo DMG bonus (especially with C6). When equipped with Archaic Petra, Gorou's picking crystal can give the team a whopping 35% Geo DMG bonus.
Itto and Gorou's release have provide Albedo with the best mono-geo lineup in the game.
Albedo mainly deals damage off-field with his burst while Itto spams his continuous charge attack on the field to deal damage. Zhongli's occasionally provide burst and shield when needed - just equip him with the Tenacity of the Millelith set for the bonus damage. Overall, this
Itto lineup
is probably the best Albedo team build in 2.3.
2. Best Albedo Team Comps (DPS)
Overall, Albedo as a character is mostly geared toward support. DPS builds on Albedo definitely exist, however, they are not nearly as effective as other characters who can actually deal damage.
Albedo Phys + Geo DPS
Albedo + Ningguang + Xinyan + Bennett
Overall, this team is probably the easiest lineup to throw out to create an effective Albedo DPS. It has both Geo and Pyro resonance, which results in a great amount of raw power. Xinyan's P4 talent gives you bonus Phys damage while Ningguang's passive gives extra Geo damage.
This comp falls off like a rock against Fatui or any foe with tough resistance or shield that you can't break.
Before Itto, Ningguang is usually paired up with Albedo if you want Geo Resonance.
Albedo Crystallize DPS (f2p)
Albedo + Fischl + Xiangling + Barbara
Overall, this is the team to go for when you want to main Albedo and spam his skills. The Albedo Fischl combo would proc a lot of lightning strikes from Oz due to the crystalized reactions. Afterward, switch Xiangling in and you would constantly have turrets to put up for Albedo's elemental skill. Afterward, alternate between Gouba and Oz to prevent triggering Overload, as you would not want to blow your enemies away.
Albedo can be a DPS but his damage is fairly limited.
Barbara is your healer and thrilling tales holder. The two turrets would generate so much energy that you would be able to spam your burst immediately on CD.
3. F2P Albedo Team Comps
This lineup is designed for complete f2p and new players who only have Albedo as a sole 5 star. It consists of all characters you can get for free completing the main quests. This is how you can make Albedo more effective even with a free squad. If you've been playing for a while, this lineup is not needed.
Albedo + Xiangling + Kaeya + Noelle
Albedo's main role in this team comp is to keep his skill and burst up during fights. Noelle would be the main on-field DPS, who also grant the team Geo Resonance bonus.
Xiangling will trigger elemental reactions with Kaeya when needed. Her physical damage is also decently high, which works pretty well in this team. Kaeya is a Cryo spambot whose job is to enable melt.
Albedo Genshin Impact character preview
>>> Read more:
Genshin Impact - Best Mona Team Comp For Support And DPS
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Guide
#Genshin Impact Characters
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025