Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Mualani materials, kit, and Constellations
Ascension and Talent materials for Mualani.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Guide
by
Jessica Orr
Senior Guides Writer
Updated on
Aug. 28, 2024
Follow Genshin Impact
Mualani
is a 5-Star Hydro character who debuted in
Genshin Impact
during version 5.0.
While Mualani is featured as the boosted 5-Star character on her Sharktacular Surfari Banner in
version 5.8
, she will eventually return to
Genshin Impact
at some point in the future when the
Banner schedule
cycles back to her.
If you want to prepare for if you get her, we've listed
Mualani's Ascension materials
and
Talent materials
so you can level her up to her full potential right away. To understand how you might play her, we've also detailed
Mualani's kit
and
Constellations
.
On this page:
Mualani's kit
Mualani Ascension materials
Mualani Talent materials
Mualani Constellations
Be sure to check out our
beginner's guide with tips and tricks
, and
Genshin Impact codes
page to get free
Primogems
that can be used towards unlocking Mualani and other characters.
Mualani kit
Mualani is a
5-Star Hydro character who uses a catalyst
, and here's a summary of
Mualani's kit in Genshin Impact
:
Element
: Hydro.
Rarity
: 5-Star.
Weapon
: Catalyst.
Normal attack
: Cooling Treatment.
Elemental Skill
: Surfshark Wavebreaker.
Elemental Burst
: Boomsharka-laka.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Passive one
: Night Realm's Gift: Crests and Troughs - After Mualani's Nightsoul points are depleted, she can switch to consuming Phlogiston to maintain her Nightsoul's Blessing. While in an area with Phlogiston Devices within Natlan, Mualani can use Nightsoul Transmission: Mualani. When the active character is currently sprinting, swimming, in a movement mode caused by certain Talents, or at a certain height in the air, Mualani will enter the Nightsoul's Blessing state and gain 40 Nightsoul points. Nightsoul Transmission can be triggered every 10 seconds by your own team. Additionally, Mualani's Nightsoul point or Phlogiston consumption while moving on water ad Liquid Phlogiston during Nightsoul's Blessing is decreased by 75% while in Natlan, and her Nightsoul point consumption is decreased by 35% while doing the same outside Natlan.
Passive two
: Heat-Resistant Freshwater Puffer - When Sharky's Surging Bite hits an opponent, a Puffer will be generated nearby. Mualani will restore 20 Nightsoul points when she picks up a Puffer. Only two such Puffers can be created in this way during a single instance of being in Nightsoul's Blessing.
Passive three
: Natlan's Greatest Guide - After a nearby party member triggers a Nightsoul Burst, Mualani gains one stack of Wavechaser's Exploits, which lasts for 20 seconds, and has a max of three stacks. When Mualani uses Boomsharka-laka, she will clear all Wavechaser's Exploits stacks and increase the damage of this Boomsharka-laka by 15%/30%/45% of her Max HP based on the number of stacks cleared.
Exploration bonus
: The Trick is to Keep Smiling! - While in an area with Phlogiston mechanics within Natlan, 15 Phlogiston will be restored when interacting with some harvestable items. Additionally, the location of nearby resources unique to Natlan will appear on your mini-map.
Mualani normal attack - Cooling Treatment
Mualani performs up to three rapid attacks of Hydro damage, if tapping the normal attack button. Holding it down instead makes Mualani consume stamina to smack a Pufferball into the air that deals AOE (Area of Effect) Hydro damage upon landing.
As with most plunging attacks, Mualani strikes the ground below dealing AOE Hydro damage upon impact, and damaging any enemies caught on her path to the ground.
Mualani Elemental Skill - Surfshark Wavebreaker
Mualani can surf anytime, anywhere, and after using her Skill, Mualani will gain 60 Nightsoul points and enter her Nightsoul's Blessing state.
Nightsoul's Blessing: Mualani continuously consumes Nightsoul points, and when they are depleted, or when the skill is used again, Mualani's Nightsoul's Blessing will end. The Mualani's Nightsoul's Blessing state itself has the following traits:
Mualani Mounts her Sharky Surfboard, increasing her movement speed and interruption resistance. Mualani can move on water and in Liquid Phlogiston while this state is active, and she will take no damage from the latter.
Normal attacks will be converted to Sharky's Bites, dealing Nightsoul-aligned Hydro damage based on Mualani's Max HP. Sharky's Bites can be used place in mid-air, and damage dealt this way is considered normal attack damage.
When Mualani makes contact with opponents in this state, she applies 'Marked as Prey' to them, gaining one Wave Momentum stack, with a maximum of three stacks. One stack can be gained from the same opponent every 0.7 seconds.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
When Mualani uses Sharky's Bite, the damage dealt increases based on her Wave Momentum stacks. When she has three stacks, a normal attack will use Sharky's Surging Bite instead, further increasing her damage and removing all stacks when hitting an opponent.
When Sharky's Bites hit opponents Marked as Prey, that mark is removed, and Mualani will fire Shark Missiles at up to five nearby opponents Marked as Prey, dealing damage to them equal to this Sharky's Bite instance and clearing their Marks. If more than one opponent is the target of Sharky's Bite and Shark Missiles, the damage dealt will decrease, decreasing to 72% of the original damage when at least three opponents are targeted.
Mualani Elemental Burst - Boomsharka-laka
Mualani fires a Super Shark Missile that can track opponents, dealing Nightsoul-aligned AOE Hydro damage based on Mualani's Max HP.
Mualani Talent materials
Lightless Mass. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
To get the most out of using Mualani, you will have to level her skills up by using Talent materials, which vary from character-to-character.
You'll need to farm a lot of Whistle and Contention materials to fully upgrade Mualani's capabilities.
As Mualani has three Talents, you will have to spend three times the Talent materials listed below to fully upgrade all of her abilities, which we've also detailed below the table.
Here's what Mualani Talent materials you need to improve one of her abilities:
Mualani Talent level
Mualani Talent materials
Mora cost
Level 2
x3 Teachings of Contention, x6 Sentry’s Wooden Whistle
12,500
Level 3
x2 Guide to Contention, x3 Warrior’s Metal Whistle
17,500
Level 4
x4 Guide to Contention, x4 Warrior’s Metal Whistle
25,000
Level 5
x6 Guide to Contention, x6 Warrior’s Metal Whistle
30,000
Level 6
x9 Guide to Contention, x9 Warrior’s Metal Whistle
37,500
Level 7
x4 Philosophies of Contention, x4 Saurian-Crowned Warrior’s Golden Whistle, x1 Lightless Mass
120,000
Level 8
x6 Philosophies of Contention, x6 Saurian-Crowned Warrior’s Golden Whistle, x1 Lightless Mass
260,000
Level 9
x12 Philosophies of Contention, x9 Saurian-Crowned Warrior’s Golden Whistle, x2 Lightless Mass
450,000
Level 10
x16 Philosophies of Contention, x12 Saurian-Crowned Warrior’s Golden Whistle, x2 Lightless Mass, x1 Crown of Insight
700,000
Here's what Talent Materials you'll need to fully upgrade
one
of Mualani's skills:
x1 Crown of Insight
x3 Teachings of Contention
x6 Sentry’s Wooden Whistle
x6 Lightless Mass
x21 Guide to Contention
x22 Warrior’s Metal Whistle
x31 Saurian-Crowned Warrior’s Golden Whistle
x38 Philosophies of Contention
1,652,500 Mora
To upgrade all
three
of Mualani's skills, here's all the Talent Materials you'll need:
x3 Crown of Insight
x9 Teachings of Contention
x18 Sentry’s Wooden Whistle
x18 Lightless Mass
x63 Guide to Contention
x66 Warrior’s Metal Whistle
x93 Saurian-Crowned Warrior’s Golden Whistle
x114 Philosophies of Contention
4,957,500 Mora
Version 6.4 Phase 2 sees the returning 5-Star
Skirk
and a rerun of
Escoffier
. 

So don't forget to redeem
new codes
for
Primogems
to help pull them, and check out our regularly updated
tier list
.

You need luck from the
Pity and 50/50 systems
to
Wish with Fate
for characters on
Banners
, and you always need the right
Adventure Rank
for events.

Elsewhere, we have
tips and tricks for beginners
.
Mualani Ascension materials
Sprayfeather Gill. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Just like Talents, you need to use Mualani Ascension materials to upgrade her health, attack, defence, and Critical hit effectiveness, and you'll need to farm a lot of
Sprayfeather Gill
and Whistle materials for Mualani to fully upgrade her capabilities.
Unlike Talent materials, you only need to spend the below Ascension materials once to fully raise Mualani to her highest character level. There is also Acquaint Fate rewarded for reaching certain Ascension levels. You can spend this Fate on the
standard and beginner Banners
to Wish for characters and weapons.
Here's what Mualani Ascension materials and Mora you need to upgrade her for each Ascension level:
Mualani Ascension level
Mualani Ascension materials
Mora cost
Ascension reward
Level 20
x1 Varunada Lazurite Sliver, x3 Sprayfeather Gill, x3 Sentry’s Wooden Whistle
20,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 40
x3 Varunada Lazurite Fragment, x2 Mark of the Binding Blessing, x10 Sprayfeather Gill, x15 Sentry’s Wooden Whistle
40,000
None
Level 50
x6 Varunada Lazurite Fragment, x4 Mark of the Binding Blessing, x20 Sprayfeather Gill, x12 Warrior’s Metal Whistle
60,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 60
x3 Varunada Lazurite Chunk, x8 Mark of the Binding Blessing, x30 Sprayfeather Gill, x18 Warrior’s Metal Whistle
80,000
None
Level 70
x6 Varunada Lazurite Chunk, x12 Mark of the Binding Blessing, x45 Sprayfeather Gill, x12 Saurian-Crowned Warrior’s Golden Whistle
100,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 80
x6 Varunada Lazurite Gemstone, x20 Mark of the Binding Blessing, x60 Sprayfeather Gill, x24 Saurian-Crowned Warrior’s Golden Whistle
120,000
None
In total, here's
all the Ascension Materials
you need for Mualani in Genshin Impact:
x1 Varunada Lazurite Sliver
x6 Varunada Lazurite Gemstone
x9 Varunada Lazurite Fragment
x9 Varunada Lazurite Chunk
x18 Sentry’s Wooden Whistle
x30 Warrior’s Metal Whistle
x36 Saurian-Crowned Warrior’s Golden Whistle
x46 Mark of the Binding Blessing
x168
Sprayfeather Gill
420,000 Mora
Mualani Constellations
By getting duplicates of Mualani from wishing on her Banner, you will receive her Stella Fortuna. This material allows you to unlock Constellation levels, with each upgrade either improving an existing Talent or Passive ability.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Here are all of
Mualani's Constellations in Genshin Impact
:
The Leisurely "Meztli" (C1)
: The damage dealt by the first Sharky's Surging Bite after Mualani enters Nightsoul's Blessing and the Shark Missiles it triggers is increased by 66% of Mualani's max HP. This instance of increased damage is subject to the diminishing damage rules of Surfshark Wavebreaker. Additionally, while out of combat, Mualani's Nightsoul's Blessing state consumes 30% less Phlogiston and Nightsoul points.
Mualani, Going All Out! (C2)
: Mualani gains two of Surfshark Wavebreaker's Wave Momentum stacks when she enters her Nightsoul's Blessing state. She will gain one stack when obtaining a Puffer. Additionally, whenever Mualani obtains two Puffers within a single instance of the Nightsoul's Blessing state, she will recover an additional 12 Nightsoul points over two seconds.
Surfing Atop Joyous Seas (C3)
: Increases the Level of Mualani's Elemental Skill by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Sharky Eats Puffies (C4)
: Mualani regenerates eight Energy when obtaining a Puffer. Additionally, Boomsharka-laka deals 75% increased damage.
Same Style of Surfboard on Sale! (C5)
: Increases the Level of Mualani's Elemental Burst by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Spirit of the Springs' People (C6)
: The damage increase from Mualani's first Constellation is no longer limited to being triggered once every Nightsoul's Blessing.
Good luck levelling up Mualani in Genshin Impact!