Genshin Impact: Best Mualani Builds (Weapons, Artifacts, Team Comps, Stats)
Genshin Impact's Mualani smiles and extends her arms outwards.
Custom Image by Bruno Yonezawa
By
Bruno Yonezawa
Published
Aug 26, 2024, 7:00 AM EDT
Bruno Yonezawa is a Gaming Senior Writer for Screen Rant. He's been practicing professional journalism for over 10 years, and is also a communications specialist. He's played games all his life and turned that passionate hobby into a passionate career, in an industry where he's worked as a writer, editor, analyst, and more.
Sign in to your
ScreenRant
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Best Weapons For Mualani (Best Catalysts)
Best Artifacts & Stats For Mualani
Best Team Comps For Mualani
Skill Priority For Mualani
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Thread
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Using the best builds for Mualani in
Genshin Impact
can significantly improve her performance on the field and make her a more significant member of her team comp. Mualani is one of the first Natlan characters in HoYoverse’s action RPG, alongside Kachina. Kinich also debuts in Version 5.0, but his release is scheduled for Phase 2 banners, while Mualani and Kachina first appear in Phase 1 banners. Mualani is a 5-star Hydro DPS character who wields a catalyst in battle and is, possibly, the strongest of the
new Natlan characters in
Genshin Impact
5.0
.
In battle, Mualani can summon a shark-shaped surfboard, which she can use to collide with enemies and mark them for increased damage. While riding the mount, her Normal Attacks are also transformed, dealing more damage to enemies. The majority of her damage output scales off of her max HP stat and, considering she is a 5-star Hydro catalyst wielder, she can be compared to Neuvillette, despite not having intrinsic HP-loss mechanics boosting her attacks. Mualani can also ride the mount outside of battle for increased movement speed in the game.
Related
Genshin Impact: Kachina Ascension & Talent Materials
Many of Kachina’s Ascension and Talent materials in Genshin Impact are locked behind Natlan’s release, but you can still pre-farm some items.
Posts
By
Bruno Yonezawa
Best Weapons For Mualani (Best Catalysts)
There Are Many Catalyst Options For Mualani In Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact's Mualani smiles in the center, with Kinich and Natlan blurred in the background.
Custom Image by Bruno Yonezawa
Once you have farmed
Mualani’s materials in
Genshin Impact
, raised her to level 90, and upgraded a portion of her abilities, you should start working on her build in order to ensure she can operate as a powerful main DPS. The first step to accomplishing this is finding her a suitable catalyst to wield.
The best weapon for Mualani is Surf’s Up
, her signature 5-star catalyst that was tailor-made for her combat needs. By equipping it, Mualani gains a 20% increase to her Max HP, which is perfect since her attacks scale off that very stat.
The table below lists the best builds for Mualani in
Genshin Impact
, including her strongest weapons, ideal Artifacts, best stats, and suggested team comps:
Mualani's Best Build In Genshin Impact
Weapon
Surf's Up (Best 5-star)
Tome of the Eternal Flow (Substitute 5-star)
Sacrificial Jade (Best 4-star)
Ring of Yaxche (Best F2P 4-star)
The Widsith (Substitute 4-star)
Prototype Amber (Substitute 4-star)
Artifact
Obsidian Codex (4-pieces)
Marechaussee Hunter (4-pieces - substitute)
Heart of Depth (4-pieces - substitute)
Stat Priority
CRIT DMG / CRIT Rate
HP
Hydro DMG
Elemental Mastery
Energy Recharge
Skill Priority
Elemental Skill & Normal Attack
Elemental Burst
Furthermore, the Surf’s Up catalyst has an effect that, once every 15 seconds, for every 14 seconds after using an Elemental Skill, the user gains four stacks of Scorching Summer –
each of these stacks increases Normal Attack DMG by 12%
. Once every 1,5 seconds, the user loses one stack after a Normal Attack hits an enemy, and, once every 1,5 seconds, they gain one stack after triggering a Vaporize reaction on an opponent. This is ideal for Mualani since it heavily bolsters the power of her Normal Attacks, the main source of her damage output in
Genshin Impact
.
Even if Surf’s Up seems to limit Mualani’s team comps to those focus on Vaporize, it can still be used with her in other types of parties.
It is also worth noting that
Surf’s Up offers the user a massive CRIT DMG sub-stat bonus (88.2% at level 90)
. If you are unable to acquire Surf’s Up, a substitute 5-star catalyst that can work well for Mualani is Tome of the Eternal Flow. Neuvillette’s signature weapon also offers the user a massive CRIT DMG sub-stat (88.2% at level 90), as well as a beneficial 16% HP boost. Its weapon skill sees that, whenever the user suffers HP fluctuation, their Charged Attack is increased by 14% for four seconds, up to three stacks triggered once every 0.3 seconds.
When there are three stacks, 8 Energy is restored, an effect that can be triggered once every 12 seconds.
Mualani will not benefit too much from the bonus to Charged Attack
in
Genshin Impact
, but the CRIT DMG sub-stat and the possibility of Energy Regeneration are enough reasons to have Tome of the Eternal Flow as her substitute 5-star weapon. Both Surf’s Up and Tome of the Eternal Flow’s high CRIT DMG sub-stat allow you to focus on her CRIT Rate, making her stat-building process a lot easier.
If none of these 5-star catalysts are promptly available, there are reasonable 4-star weapons for Mualani. Sacrificial Jade, for instance, is the best 4-star weapon for Mualani. With its sub-stat, the user gets a CRIT Rate bonus (36.8% at level 90). When the user is not on the field for more than five seconds,
their Max HP will be increased by 32% and Elemental Mastery will increase by 40 points
, an effect that is canceled after the user has been on the field for 10 seconds.
Related
Genshin Impact Natlan Leaks Hint At Pyro Traveler Already Having One Big Problem
Unlocking the Pyro Traveler in Genshin Impact may take much longer than usual, but it seems possible to predict exactly when the release will occur.
Posts
By
Bruno Yonezawa
Sacrificial can fit in perfectly with the team comps rotation – while circling through other characters to set up healing, shielding, buffs, and sub-DPS damage, Mualani’s Max HP and Elemental Mastery will be boosted and, once she enters the field,
she can come in dealing increased damage thanks to her Max HP-scaling and focus on Elemental Reactions
. The only downside is that Sacrificial Jade is locked behind the
Battle Pass in
Genshin Impact
.
Two other viable 4-star weapon substitutes for Mualani are The Widsith and Prototype Amber
. The former offers a 55.1% CRIT DMG sub-stat (at level 90) and a randomized ATK, Elemental DMG, or Elemental Mastery buff. The latter grants a huge 41.3% HP buff (at level 90), along with Energy Regeneration and healing after the usage of a Burst. The Widsith is a premium 4-star weapon, while Prototype Amber is F2P (free-to-play) and easily upgradable to R5 (Refinement level 5).
The 4-star Ring of Yaxche catalyst will also be a suitable weapon for Mualani. The weapon allegedly offers a 41.3% HP sub-stat (at level 90) and after the user executes an Elemental Skill, they gain Jade-Forged Crown, an effect that ensures that every 1,000 HP increases their Normal Attack DMG by 0.6% for 10 seconds, up to 16%.
At Ring of Yaxche
’s R5, this leaked weapon’s Normal Attack DMG bonus can be increased up to 32%
.
The rule of thumb when searching for a weapon for Mualani is to use catalysts that increase CRIT stats and, if possible, boost HP.
The most important is CRIT since she can gain a lot of HP via her Artifacts
and the CRIT bonuses via weapons are a lot easier to obtain than via her Artifacts. As a DPS who will be triggering Elemental Reactions, Elemental Mastery and Energy Regeneration are also useful stats to keep in mind when choosing a weapon for Mualani in
Genshin Impact
.
Best Artifacts & Stats For Mualani
Mualani’s Best Artifact Arrives With Genshin Impact 5.0
Genshin Impact's Mualani smiles in Natlan.
The next step in Mualani’s build is to find her a set of Artifacts to use.
The absolute best Artifact set for her is Obsidian Codex, introduced with Version 5.0
. Its two-piece bonus increases the user’s DMG by 20% when they are on the field and in the Nightsoul’s Blessing state. With four pieces, after the user consumes 10 Nightsoul points on the field, their CRIT Rate increases by 40% for six seconds. Seeing the Nightsoul mechanic plays a large part in Mualani’s kit in
Genshin Impact
, she will almost constantly have these bonuses available to her.
If you want a substitute set while you farm the proper pieces of the Obsidian Codex set, you can use the Marechaussee Hunter – though equipping this set will require Mualani to have HP-loss, either through direct damage or by having a Furina in her team comp. With two pieces,
Marechausee Hunter increases Normal and Charged Attack DMG by 15%
. The four-piece bonus sees that when there is HP fluctuation, the user’s CRIT Rate is increased by 12% for five seconds, up to three stacks. Comparatively, Obsidian Codex is a better set for Mualani than Marechaussee Hunter.
If you are still stuck in the early portions of the game and have not had the chance to properly farm advanced Artifact sets, you could use the Heart of Depth set.
When farming Artifacts,
your main priority should be increasing CRIT Rate and CRIT DMG
, depending on what the weapon provides. Following that, HP is the second priority, and you should try to increase it as much as you can since this is the base of her damage output. Energy Recharge and Elemental Mastery are useful secondary stats for Mualani, too.
Best Team Comps For Mualani
Mualani Is A Versatile DPS In Genshin Impact
There are many team comp possibilities with Mualani. When equipped with Surf’s Up, the 5-star Hydro character is at her best in Vaporize team comps, sustained by Xiangling as a reliable Pyro sub-DPS, for example.
If Mualani is equipped with Tome of the Eternal Flow or Marechaussee Hunter Artifacts, having Furina in the team can trigger her HP loss
and, therefore, the bonuses from these items. Of course, you are not limited to Vaporize teams.
The table below lists some team comp suggestions for Mualani in
Genshin Impact
:
Mualani's Best Team Comps In Genshin Impact
Premium Vaporize Team
Mualani (Main DPS)
Dehya or Xiangling (Pyro Sub-DPS)
Furina (Hydro Sub-DPS & HP-Loss Enabler) or Yelan (Hydro Sub-DPS)
Kokomi (Hydro Healer) or Bennett (Pyro Healer & Buffer)
Hyperbloom Team
Mualani (Main DPS)
Raiden Shogun or Fischl (Electro Sub-DPS)
Nahida or Collei (Dendro Support)
Barbara or Kokomi (Healer & Hydro Resonance)
F2P Vaporize Team
Mualani (Main DPS)
Xiangling (Pyro Sub-DPS)
Sucrose (Anemo Support + Swirl Trigger)
Barbara (Healer & Hydro Resonance)
Overall, Mualani is very flexible and can be inserted into a wide variety of team comps, as long as the rest of the party is built around her being the main damage dealer.
She can work well in a Hyperbloom team comp or even a hybrid Vaporize/Burn team comp
, especially with the release of
Emilie in
Genshin Impact
.
Skill Priority For Mualani
Prioritize Upgrading Mualani’s Main Source Of Damage In Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact's Hydro character fishes in Natlan.
When leveling up the character, you may find yourself making hard choices due to scarce Talent materials.
You will want to increase Mualani’s Normal Attacks and Elemental Skill at a similar pace
since these are the main sources of her damage and are heavily interconnected. The last priority is her Elemental Burst – while it does a lot of damage and should not be ignored, it is not as vital to Mualani’s rotation as her enhanced Normal Attacks via her Skill.
Related
Genshin Impact Natlan Leaks Show Chasca May Be A Must-Have Character
A few details about Chasca’s abilities in Genshin Impact have allegedly leaked, hinting at what may be a very good playable character to have.
Posts
1
By
Bruno Yonezawa
Mualani’s build is a fairly straightforward one and one with a lot of potential thanks to her single HP scaling. More than that, Mualani’s unique abilities and versatility make her a powerful unit to have in several types of teams, potentially even being a better substitute for Neuvillette when faced with bosses rather than larger groups of enemies in
Genshin Impact
.
Genshin Impact
RPG
Action
Adventure
Gacha
Open-World
Systems
9
/10
Released
September 28, 2020
ESRB
Teen / Alcohol Reference, Fantasy Violence, In-Game Purchases (Includes Random Items), Users Interact
Developer(s)
HoYoverse (Formerly miHoYo)
Publisher(s)
HoYoverse (Formerly miHoYo)
Multiplayer
Online Co-Op
Cross Save
All platforms
Steam Deck Compatibility
yes
Platform(s)
PlayStation 5
,
PlayStation 4
, Xbox Series X, Xbox Series S,
PC
, iOS, Android
Genre(s)
RPG
,
Action
,
Adventure
, Gacha, Open-World
Metascore
86
Platforms That Support Crossplay
Mobile, PC, PS4 & PS5
PS Plus Availability
N/A
Powered by
Expand
Collapse
Gaming
Genshin Impact
PC Games
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Trending Now
Spider-Man: Beyond The Spider-Verse's Plot Has A Perfect Solution Thanks To The Comics
Bosch Meets The Night Agent In Netflix's 10/10 Action Thriller That Is Coming Back For Another Season
40 Years Later, This Standalone Graphic Novel Is Still The Gold Standard For Batman Comics