Best Skirk teams in Genshin Impact
Gaming
June 17, 2025
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
WhatsApp
Skirk is a very powerful 5-star Main DPS
in
Genshin Impact
. She uses the Cryo element and has an interesting playstyle that gets maximum value in a particular team comp.
This makes
Skirk one of the most restrictive characters
to use in the game. Therefore, knowing Skirk’s best teams in Genshin Impact is essential to guarantee having success with her.
Skirk Genshin Impact best teams
Skirk pretty much only works with Freeze teams in Genshin Impact. This is because her passive requires only Cryo or Hydro characters to get full value.
Skirk’s best teams in Genshin Impact include:
Skirk/Escoffier/Furina/Yelan
Skirk/Escoffier/Furina/Xingqiu
Skirk/Escoffier/Furina/Shenhe
Skirk/Escoffier/Citlali/Yelan
Skirk/Furina/Charlotte/Shenhe
Skirk/Rosaria/Xingqiu/Dahlia
Skirk/Yelan/Xingqiu/Citlali
Escoffier is easily Skirk’s best teammate
in Genshin Impact. She provides off-field Cryo damage, RES shred and healing.
Furina pairs exceptionally well with Skirk and Escoffier by providing even more off-field damage and overall damage buffs.
Other strong characters that can be paired with Skirk include Shenhe, Citlali, and Yelan. All of them provide great elemental application and buff Skirk in a variety of ways to improve her damage output.
For players that do not have the aforementioned premium characters, Xingqiu remains a top choice. His incredible Hydro application, damage reduction and short rotation time pairs very nicely with Skirk’s playstyle.
Related
League of Legends best Jhin build guide AD/AP: Counters, Itemization, Strategy, and more
As for other F2P friendly options, the newly introduced 4-star, Dahlia, and Rosaria are good choices.
A decent amount of Skirk’s damage is lost if she isn’t paired with Escoffier. This is further reduced if she doesn’t have Furina. Therefore, it is recommended to use Skirk with at least one of these two characters to have an easier time.
Ultimately, Skirk is a very restrictive Main DPS like Cyno and Kinich that thrives in very specific conditions.
She isn’t a generalist DPS like Neuvilette, Mavuika, and Arlecchino, and requires a lot more resource investment and teambuilding.
Tags
Genshin Impact
Open World Games
PC Gaming
Siddarth Narasimman
Siddarth Narasimman is an Esports and Gaming writer who specializes in covering a wide array of games. His primary focus lies in Genshin Impact, Wuthering Waves, Zenless Zone Zero, League of Legends, Counter-Strike, and Valorant, with additional expertise on games such as Dead by Daylight, Marvel Rivals, and Hollow Knight.Apart from writing, Siddarth loves to hit the gym and spend time watching interesting videos and TV shows.
Search
Latest articles
Top 7 Games where the antagonist is an AI
April 21, 2026
How Windows is ruining perfectly good laptops
April 20, 2026
How Deadlock is changing MOBA forever
April 20, 2026
Steam’s all-expense-paid Hawaii trip wins fans while Epic Games faces backlash over job cuts and blame game
April 17, 2026
Previous article
Genshin Impact Skirk ascension and talent materials
Next article
7 amazing anime with the most ridiculous plot
Related articles
Top 7 Games where the antagonist is an AI
Gaming
April 21, 2026
How Deadlock is changing MOBA forever
Gaming
April 20, 2026
Steam’s all-expense-paid Hawaii trip wins fans while Epic Games faces backlash over job cuts and blame game
Gaming
April 17, 2026