Task Search
Checklists
Guides
Markers
Videos
Sort and Filter
No Results
Checklists
New Checklist
All Lists
My Checklists
All
All Lists
My Checklists
How creative can you get with your first free checklist?
Create a free account
All Interactive Maps and Locations
Alhaitham Build Guide: Best Weapons, Artifacts, Team
By
Cedric Pabriga
,
Jen Rothery
,
Triforce
,
+30 more
Updated
:
Jun 14, 2023 3:50pm UTC
Alhaitham is 5-star Dendro Sword user who first arrived during the first phase of Version 3.4. Alhaitham is the Sumeru Akademiya’s Scribe, with a logical and detached attitude. Below, you’ll find an explanation of how to put together the
best Alhaitham build
, including the
best weapons, artifacts, and teammates
, and tips on how to play him!
Table of Contents:
Best Alhaitham Build - Summary
Alhaitham Gameplay
Best Alhaitham Team
Best Alhaitham Weapons
Best Alhaitham Artifacts
Alhaitham
Rarity:
★★★★★
Guides
Element:
Dendro
Alhaitham Banner and Abilities
Weapon:
Sword
Alhaitham Build Guide
Alhaitham Ascension Materials
Best Alhaitham Build - Summary
Weapon:
Light of Foliar Incision
OR
Primordial Jade Cutter
Artifacts:
Gilded Dreams 4pc
OR
Deepwood Memories 4pc
Sands:
Elemental Mastery
Goblet:
Dendro DMG%
OR
Elemental Mastery
Circlet:
Crit Rate
OR
Crit Damage
Genshin Alhaitham Gameplay
Alhaitham is an on-field DPS character whose kit revolves around his
Chisel Light Mirrors
. These mirrors
infuse
his Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attacks with
Dendro
, and also generate AoE
Dendro
Projection Attacks whenever his infused attacks hit opponents.
When Alhaitham uses his Elemental Skill, Universality: An Elaboration on Form, he rushes forward, dealing Dendro damage and causing 1 Chisel-Light Mirror to form. If there are no Mirrors on the field, 2 will be created instead.
When he uses his Elemental Burst: Fetters of Phenomena, the number of Chisel Light Mirrors on the field are consumed and inverted as follows.
3 Mirrors -> 0 Mirrors
2 Mirrors -> 1 Mirror
1 Mirror -> 2 Mirrors
0 Mirrors - 3 Mirrors
Alhaitham’s
Passive
, Four-Causal Correction, generates a Mirror when a Charged or Plunging Attack hits an opponent. This effect can activate once every 12 seconds.
He can have up to 3 Mirrors on the field at one time.
His mirrors disappear one-at-a-time every four seconds, and they also disappear when Alhaitham leaves the field.
The type of AoE
Dendro
Projection Attack attack generated by the Mirrors varies based on the number of Mirrors Alhaitham has on the field. The Mirror Projection attacks scale from
Elemental Mastery
, and also benefit from his 4th Ascension Passive, Mysteries Laid Bare, which increases the damage dealt by Projection Attacks and Particular Field: Fetters of Phenomena by 0.1% for every point of Elemental Mastery Alhaitham has.
Genshin Alhaitham Rotation
Generally, Alhaitham will generate more damage using his Mirrors than with his burst.
Therefore, you want to
use his burst immediately on field to generate 3 mirrors
, then
attack until you lose a mirror
, at which point
use your charged attack to generate another mirror
. As soon as a mirror disappears,
use your Elemental Skill to create another one
, and
attack again
until another mirror is lost, at which point you’ll swap him out. You’ll probably only be able to fit in 2 or 3 normal attacks before losing a mirror, so be sure to cancel your attack chain at the right time to ensure maximum mirror uptime and maximum damage output.
Genshin Alhaitham Talent Priorities
Alhaitham’s Chisel Light Mirrors affect his Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attacks, so all of his talents are part of his kit. However, as a majority of his damage is likely to come from elemental reactions, the impact of leveling his talents is somewhat diminished. It’s definitely worth prioritizing his Elemental Skill first, but be aware there are diminishing returns for the other talents, so there’s no need to max them.
Best Genshin Alhaitham Team
It’s recommended to run Alhaitham alongside an
Electro
character to enable
Spread
reactions. While Fischl may seem a good fit, her Ascension 4 passive doesn’t proc from Alhaitham, so
Beidou
or
Lisa
are better options.
It’s also very useful to have a Dendro support -
Nahida
is ideal.
You could also run Alhaitham alongside an Electro and Hydro character to create a
Hyperbloom
team.
Kuki Shinobu
would be a perfect fit for Electro, and Raiden Shogun would also fit, though lacks Kuki’s healing.
Yelan
is an excellent Hydro choice.
With the correct execution - if you can apply Hydro slowly enough - you could run this as a high-damage
Quickbloom
(Quicken and Hyperbloom) team.
Xingqiu
could be a good choice for Hydro, but may be tricky to execute Quickbloom with as he applies Hydro fast, especially if he’s C6.
If you don’t have access to these characters, or are looking for alternative options, you could try a
Burgeon
team with a Pyro character like
Thoma
.
Best Alhaitham Weapons
The best weapon for Alhaitham is, naturally, his signature weapon,
Light of Foliar Incision
. However, if you're not using Alhaitham on a basic Spread team and instead intend to go for other types of team like Hyperbloom, it may not be worth the investment, as it won't make too much of an impact on the team's damage which will come primarily from elemental reactions.
Primordial Jade Cutter
,
Mistplitter Reforged,
and
Haran Geppaku Futsu
are excellent 5-star options.
More F2P friendly alternatives include
Harbinger of Dawn, Iron Sting, or Black Sword.
Name
Attribute
In-Game Description
Light of Foliar Incision
Crit Damage
CRIT Rate is increased by 4%. After Normal Attacks deal Elemental DMG, the Foliar Incision effect will be obtained, increasing DMG dealt by Normal Attacks and Elemental Skills by 120% of Elemental Mastery. This effect will disappear after 28 DMG instances or 12s. You can obtain Foliar Incision once every 12s.
Primordial Jade Cutter
Crit Rate
HP increased by 20%. Additionally, provides an ATK Bonus based on 1.2% of the wielder’s Max HP.
Mistplitter Reforged
Crit Damage
Gain a 12% Elemental DMG Bonus for all elements and receive the might of the Mistsplitter’s Emblem. At stack levels 1/2/3, the Mistsplitter’s Emblem provides a 8/16/28% Elemental DMG Bonus for the character’s Elemental Type. The character will obtain 1 stack of Mistsplitter’s Emblem in each of the following scenarios: Normal Attack deals Elemental DMG (stack lasts 5s), casting Elemental Burst (stack lasts 10s); Energy is less than 100% (stack disappears when Energy is full). Each stack’s duration is calculated independently.
Haran Geppaku Futsu
Crit Rate
Obtain 12% All Elemental DMG Bonus. When other nearby party members use Elemental Skills, the character equipping this weapon will gain 1 Wavespike stack. Max 2 stacks. This effect can be triggered once every 0.3s. When the character equipping this weapon uses an Elemental Skill, all stacks of Wavespike will be consumed to gain Rippling Upheaval: each stack of Wavespike consumed will increase Normal Attack DMG by 20% for 8s.
Harbinger of Dawn
Crit Damage
After dealing damage to an opponent with an Elemental Skill, the skill has a 40%-80% (R1-R5) chance to end its own CD. Can only occur once every 30s.
Iron Sting
Elemental Mastery
Dealing Elemental DMG increases all DMG by 6% for 6s. Max 2 stacks. Can occur once every 1s.
Black Sword
Crit Rate
Increases DMG dealt by Normal and Charged Attacks by 20%. Additionally, regenerates 60% of ATK as HP when Normal and Charged Attacks score a CRIT Hit. This effect can occur once every 5s.
Best Alhaitham Artifacts
Deepwood Memories
is a good set for Alhaitham, but if you have a support character on his team who can make use of it instead, like Nahida or Kuki Shinobu, it's better to put it on them and use the
Gilded Dreams 4pc
on Alhaitham.
Sands
- EM or ATK%.
Goblet
- Dendro DMG% or EM.
Circlet
- Crit Rate or Crit Damage.
Artifact Name
2-Piece
4-Piece
Gilded Dreams
Elemental Mastery +80
Within 8s of triggering an Elemental Reaction, the character equipping this will obtain buffs based on the Elemental Type of the other party members. ATK is increased by 14% for each member whose Elemental Type is the same as the equipping character, and EM is increased by 50 for every member with a different Elemental Type. Each of the buffs will count up to 3 characters. This effect can be triggered once every 8s and even when not on the field.
Deepwood Memories
Dendro DMG Bonus +15%
After Elemental Skills or Bursts hit opponents, the targets' Dendro RES will be decreased by 30% for 8s. This effect can be triggered even if the equipping character is not on the field.
Check out
Alhaitham's Ascension Materials
!
Up Next:
Alhaitham Ascension Materials Guide
Previous
Alhaitham Banner, Skills, Talents, and Constellations
Next
Alhaitham Ascension Materials Guide
Top Guide Sections
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna IV Release Time and Details
Genshin Impact Luna III Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna II Release Date and Details
Was this guide helpful?
Leave feedback
In This Guide
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Initial Release:
Sep 27, 2020
+2
Learn more
Go to comments