Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Alhaitham best build, Talent and Ascension materials, team, and weapon
Everything you need to know about Alhaitham in Genshin Impact.
Guide
by
Jessica Orr
Senior Guides Writer
Updated on
June 3, 2024
Follow Genshin Impact
Alhaitham
is a 5-Star Dendro character who was added to
Genshin Impact
during version 3.4.
While Alhaitham is featured as the boosted 5-Star character in his Caution in Confidence Banner during
version 4.7
, he will eventually return at some point in the future when the
Banner schedule
cycles back to him.
Whether you have him, or want to prepare for getting him, it’s good to know the
best Alhaitham  build
in
Genshin Impact
, including his
best Artifacts
and
best team
. It's also handy to learn what his
Constellation
perks are, and what
Alhaitham Talent materials
and
Ascension materials
are needed to level up Alhaitham to his full potential.
Be sure to check out our
beginner's guide with tips and tricks
, and
Genshin Impact codes
page to get free
Primogems
that can be used towards unlocking Alhaitham and other
characters
.
On this page:
Alhaitham materials and stats
:
Alhaitham Talents, skills, star, element, and weapon
Alhaitham Talent materials
Alhaitham Ascension materials
Alhaitham Constellations
Alhaitham build
:
How to play Alhaitham in Genshin Impact
Best Alhaitham team comp
Best Alhaitham Artifacts
Best Alhaitham weapon
Best Alhaitham build
Genshin Impact Alhaitham Talents, skills, star, element, and weapon
Alhaitham is a
5-Star Dendro character who uses a sword
, and is best used in an on-field main DPS role, due to the Chisel-Light Mirrors he can generate which boosts his damage.
Here's a summary of Alhaitham’s abilities and stats in Genshin Impact:
Element
: Dendro.
Rarity
: 5-Star.
Weapon
: Sword.
Banner
: Caution in Confidence.
Best build
: On-field main DPS.
Normal Attack
: Abductive Reasoning.
Elemental Skill
: Universality - An Elaboration on Form.
Elemental Burst
: Particular Field - Fetters of Phenomena.
Passive one
: Four-Casual Correction (One Chisel-Light Mirror is generated every time Alhaitham's charged or plunging attacks hit an enemy, which can be triggered every 12 seconds).
Passive two
: Mysteries Laid Bare (Each point of Alhaitham's Elemental Mastery increases the damage of his projection attacks and Elemental Burst by 0.1%, with the maximum damage increase for both of these abilities capping at 100%).
Crafting bonus
: Law of Reductive Overdetermination (10% chance to receive double the item when Alhaitham is used to craft Weapon Ascension materials).
Alhaitham Normal Attack - Abductive Reasoning
Alhaitham performs up to five rapid strikes with his sword, with his charged attack consuming stamina to perform two rapid strikes instead.
Plunging from mid-air will cause AOE damage to enemies upon impact, and damage any touched on the way down.
Alhaitham Elemental Skill - Universality: An Elaboration on Form
If tapping the Elemental Skill button, Alhaitham rushes forward, dealing Dendro damage to nearby enemies and creating a Chisel-Light Mirror, or two if there are none present on the field. If the button is held instead, he will enter an aiming mode where you can adjust the direction of where he will rush to when it's let go.
When Alhaitham has at least one Chisel-Light Mirror present, his normal, charged, and plunging attacks are all converted into Dendro damage which can't be overridden. When hitting with a normal, charged, or plunging attack with a Chisel-Light Mirror active, they will create a Projection Attack, dealing AOE Dendro damage based on how many mirrors are present.
Only three Chisel-Light Mirrors can exist at the one time, and if Alhaitham leaves the field, all of his mirrors will disappear.
Alhaitham Elemental Burst - Particular Field: Fetters of Phenomena
Alhaitham creates a Particular Binding Field and also deals multiple instances of AOE Dendro damage. The number of AOE damage instances is increased if there are Chisel-Light Mirrors present when his Elemental Burst is used.
More mirrors are also generated after using his burst, depending on how many mirrors were consumed. The more consumed, the less will be generated. Here's how many are created per mirror consumed:
None consumed
- Three Chisel-Light Mirrors generated
One consumed
- Two Chisel-Light Mirrors generated
Two consumed
- One Chisel-Light Mirrors generated
Three consumed
- No Chisel-Light Mirrors generated
Genshin Impact Alhaitham Talent materials
Rich Red Brocade.
To get the most out of using Alhaitham, you will have to level his skills up by using Talent materials, which vary from character-to-character.
For Alhaitham, you'll need to farm a lot of Rich Red Brocade and Ingenuity materials (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade his capabilities.
As Alhaitham has three Talents,
you will have to spend three times the Talent materials listed below to fully upgrade all of his abilities
, which we've also detailed below the table.
Here's what
Alhaitham Talent materials
you need to improve one of his abilities:
Alhaitham Talent level
Alhaitham Talent materials
Mora cost
Level 2
x3 Teachings of Ingenuity, x6 Faded Red Satin
12,500
Level 3
x2 Guide to Ingenuity, x3 Trimmed Red Silk
17,500
Level 4
x4 Guide to Ingenuity, x4 Trimmed Red Silk
25,000
Level 5
x6 Guide to Ingenuity, x6 Trimmed Red Silk
30,000
Level 6
x9 Guide to Ingenuity, x9 Trimmed Red Silk
37,500
Level 7
x4 Philosophies of Ingenuity, x4 Rich Red Brocade, x1 Mirror of Mushin
120,000
Level 8
x6 Philosophies of Ingenuity, x6 Rich Red Brocade, x1 Mirror of Mushin
260,000
Level 9
x12 Philosophies of Ingenuity, x9 Rich Red Brocade, x2 Mirror of Mushin
450,000
Level 10
x16 Philosophies of Ingenuity, x12 Rich Red Brocade, x2 Mirror of Mushin, x1 Crown of Insight
700,000
Here's what Talent Materials you'll need to fully upgrade
one
of Alhaitham's skills:
x1 Crown of Insight
x3 Teachings of Ingenuity
x6 Faded Red Satin
x6 Mirror of Mushin
x21 Guide to Ingenuity
x22 Trimmed Red Silk
x31 Rich Red Brocade
x38 Philosophies to Ingenuity
1,652,500 Mora
To upgrade all
three
of Alhaitham's skills, here's all the Talent Materials you need:
x3 Crown of Insight
x9 Teachings of Ingenuity
x18 Faded Red Satin
x18 Mirror of Mushin
x63 Guide to Ingenuity
x66 Trimmed Red Silk
x93 Rich Red Brocade
x114 Philosophies to Ingenuity
4,957,500 Mora
Genshin Impact Alhaitham Ascension materials
Sand Grease Pupa.
Just like Talents, you need to use Alhaitham Ascension materials to upgrade his health, attack, defence, and critical hit effectiveness.
You need to farm a lot of
Sand Grease Pupa
and Rich Red Brocade materials for Alhaitham (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade his capabilities.
Unlike Talent materials, you only need to spend the below Ascension materials once to fully raise Alhaitham to his highest character level. There is also Acquaint Fate rewarded for reaching certain Ascension levels. You can spend this Fate on the
standard and beginner Banners
to Wish for characters and weapons.
Here's what
Alhaitham Ascension materials
you need to upgrade him for each Ascension level:
Alhaitham Ascension level
Alhaitham Ascension materials
Mora cost
Ascension reward
Level 20
x1 Nagadus Emerald Sliver, x3 Sand Grease Pupa, x3 Faded Red Satin
20,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 40
x3 Nagadus Emerald Fragment, x2 Pseudo-Stamens, x10 Sand Grease Pupa, x15 Faded Red Satin
40,000
None
Level 50
x6 Nagadus Emerald Fragment, x4 Pseudo-Stamens, x20 Sand Grease Pupa, x12 Trimmed Red Silk
60,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 60
x3 Nagadus Emerald Chunk, x8 Pseudo-Stamens, x30 Sand Grease Pupa, x18 Trimmed Red Silk
80,000
None
Level 70
x6 Nagadus Emerald Chunk, x12 Pseudo-Stamens, x45 Sand Grease Pupa, x12 Rich Red Brocade
100,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 80
x6 Nagadus Emerald Gemstone, x20 Pseudo-Stamens, x60 Sand Grease Pupa, x24 Rich Red Brocade
120,000
None
In total, here's
all the Ascension Materials you need for Alhaitham in Genshin Impact
:
x1 Nagadus Emerald Sliver
x6 Nagadus Emerald Gemstone
x9 Nagadus Emerald Fragment
x9 Nagadus Emerald Chunk
x18 Faded Red Satin
x30 Trimmed Red Silk
x36 Rich Red Brocade
x46 Pseudo-Stamens
x168
Sand Grease Pupa
420,000 Mora
Genshin Impact Alhaitham Constellations
By getting duplicates of Alhaitham from wishing on Banners, you will receive his Stella Fortuna. This material allows you to unlock Constellation levels, with each upgrade either improving an existing Talent or Passive ability.
Here are all of Alhaitham's Constellation level upgrades in Genshin Impact:
Intuition (C1)
: Alhaitham's Elemental Skill's cooldown period is reduced by one second when a Projection Attack hits and enemy. This can be triggered once every second.
Debate (C2)
: Alhaitham's Elemental Mastery is increased by 50 for eight seconds when he generates a Chisel-Light Mirror, with a maximum of four stacks. Each stack has it's own independent duration, and this effect can be triggered even when the maximum number of mirrors has been reached.
Negation (C3)
: Increases the level of Alhaitham's Elemental Skill by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Elucidation (C4)
: When is Elemental Burst is used, the whole party gains buffs depending on how many Chisel-Light Mirrors are consumed and created upon activation of his burst. Each mirror consumed increases the Elemental Mastery of the party by 30 for 15 seconds, with each mirror generated granting Alhaitham a 10% Dendro damage bonus for 15 seconds. The duration of these buffs are reset if Alhaitham's Elemental Burst is used again before they are done.
Sagacity (C5)
: Increases the level of Alhaitham's Elemental Burst by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Structuration (C6)
: Two seconds after his Elemental Burst is used, Alhaitham will generate three Chisel-Light Mirrors, regardless of the number of mirrors consumed. Additionally, if he generates mirrors when they are at their cap, Alhaitham's crit rate is increased by 10% and his crit damage is increased by 70%, both effects lasting five seconds. If this buff is triggered again before its effects run out, its duration is increased by an additional five seconds.
How to play Alhaitham in Genshin Impact
Alhaitham is a fantastic Dendro DPS on-fielder, with only a slightly annoying playstyle.
With Alhaitham,
you'll want to have three of his Chisel-Light Mirrors active as often as possible
, as each one provides a damage boost. This requires you to learn specific attack patterns, or memorise what gives you mirrors if you want the biggest DPS potential from Alhaitham.
After Ascending him and unlocking his first passive, you should aim to
start your attack cycle by activating Alhaitham's Elemental Burst
, which will give you three Chisel-Light Mirrors as long as you don't have any on the field at the moment of activation. Two seconds later, use a charged attack or his Elemental Skill, and four seconds after that you should use the opposite option.
An example of this ideal Alhaitham attack pattern would be:
Activate Elemental Burst
Normal attack for two seconds
Use Elemental Skill
Normal attack for four seconds
Use charged attack
Your aim is to use a skill that will generate another mirror as soon as you lose one, so Alhaitham has three on-field as long as possible to maximise his normal attack damage.
It's also very important to remember that Alhaitham is an on-field DPS main who will lose his mirrors if swapped for another character. Ideally, only swap to another party member when Alhaitham has no mirrors present.
Best Alhaitham team comp in Genshin Impact
Being Dendro, Alhaitham has a pretty flexible team comp, but we do suggest bringing another Dendro character for a synergy bonus, and to act as a battery. A battery is a role for a character who is brought to provide particles for another, usually a DPS.
If you have her, the best choice for a fellow Dendro party member is
Nahida
, as she is an excellent sub DPS character in her own right. If you don't have her, the
Dendro Traveler
is also a good pick. New 4-Star
Yaoyao
is helpful if you need a Dendro healer, but
Kokomi
is also a good healer if you need a Hydro team memebr.
For Bloom teams,
Xingqiu
and
Yelan
are two of the best picks as Hydro teammates. They work well on their own, but even better together.
Hyperbloom with Nahida is one of Alhaitham's best team comps.
Quicken teams are also very effective with Alhaitham. There are so many good Electro supports to pick from here, but
Fischl
,
Yae Miko
, or
Raiden Shogun
are some of the best, depending on your needs. Running two Electro characters will also help with your Electro Energy needs.
If you're using Hydro and Electro characters to run a Hyperbloom team then we also recommend bringing a healer.
Kokomi
,
Kuki Shinobu
, and Yaoyao are currently the best picks.
Best Alhaitham Artifacts in Genshin Impact
Somebody on an Alhaitham team should equip the 4-piece Deepwood Memories set.
As Alhaitham is Dendro, somebody in your party should aim to equip the
4-piece Deepwood Memories set
, as it shreds Dendro resistance on enemies, and boosts Dendro damage with the 2-piece. Ideally, this will be another Dendro character, but equipping it on Alhaitham can work if he's your only Dendro party member.
If Deepwood Memories is on another character, then we think that the
4-piece Gilded Dreams is Alhaitham's best Artifact set
. It will increase his Elemental Mastery by 80, and boost his attack when triggering an Elemental Reaction, which you'll want to be doing as much as possible.
Alternatively, if you have Energy Recharge needs, then the
2-piece Emblem of Severed Fate
will help. We recommend doubling up with 2-piece Deepwood Memories or Gilded Dreams if you do equip the Emblem set.
For all Artifacts, you should prioritise Elemental Mastery, attack percentage, and crit rate and damage stats. Energy Recharge is recommended over Elemental Mastery if you have energy needs not being fixed elsewhere with team members or weapons.
Best Alhaitham weapon in Genshin Impact
As with most signatures, the
5-Star Light of Foliar Incision sword
is Alhaitham's best weapon in Genshin Impact. Signature weapons are basically custom built for characters, as is the case with this one.
The Light of Foliar Incision sword has 542 base attack and 88.2% crit damage at Level 90 with Refinement Rank 1. The sword's buff means Alhaitham's crit rate is increased by 4%. Additionally, when normal attacks deal Elemental Damage, normal attacks and Elemental Skills then increase their damage dealt by 120% of his Elemental Mastery. You can obtain this buff once every 12 seconds.
If you don't want to spend your Fate on Wishing on more character and weapon Banners, however, then you can repurpose other 5-Star swords instead, most notably the
Mistsplitter Reforged
for its Elemental Damage buffs, or the
Primordial Jade Cutter
for its increase in HP and attack bonus scaled off of HP.
As
for 4-Star weapon options, the Toukabou Shigure and Xiphos' Moonlight
seem to be great options for their increase in damage and Energy Recharge, respectively.
Favonius Sword
is also a great pick, as you'll be rewarded with Energy Particles for critical hits with Alhaitham, which he should be landing pretty regularly if you build him that way.
Version 6.4 Phase 2 sees the returning 5-Star
Skirk
and a rerun of
Escoffier
. 

So don't forget to redeem
new codes
for
Primogems
to help pull them, and check out our regularly updated
tier list
.

You need luck from the
Pity and 50/50 systems
to
Wish with Fate
for characters on
Banners
, and you always need the right
Adventure Rank
for events.

Elsewhere, we have
tips and tricks for beginners
.
Best Alhaitham build in Genshin Impact
If you want to take advantage of his amazing on-field DPS capabilities, we have compiled what we think is currently the best Alhaitham build in Genshin Impact:
Alhaitham Best Weapon
: 5-Star Light of Foliar Incision sword.
Alhaitham Best Artifacts
: 4-Piece Gilded Dreams.
Alhaitham Best team comp
: Nahida, Xingqiu,
Kuki Shinobu
.
Good luck levelling up Alhaitham in Genshin Impact!