[6.5] Genshin Impact Chasca Best build - Artifacts, Weapons and Teams
Nina Forneloza
Apr 23, 2026
The game has no shortage of
powerful DPS characters
, and Chasca is one of them, so here’s the best Genshin Chasca build.
Chasca
is a five-star Anemo Bow DPS character. However, unlike Xiao and Wanderer, she doesn’t deal Anemo damage purely. Instead, she adapts to the PHEC elements present in her team, allowing her to unleash attacks infused with those elements. So, if you already have her, or just got her during her rerun in version 6.5, and are looking to amplify her damage, we've got you covered. Keep on reading to learn the optimal Genshin Chasca build: her best artifacts set, weapons, and teams!
Genshin Chasca build - Quick Summary
Best Artifact set: Obsidian Codex
Best weapon: Astral Vulture's Crimson Plumage
Talent priority: Elemental skill > Elemental burst >>>> Normal attack
Best Team: Chasca, Furina, Bennett and Ororon
Genshin Chasca build - Character Profile
Character Name
Chasca
Rarity
5-star
Role
Charged Attack DPS
Vision
Anemo
Weapon
Bow
Region
Natlan
Genshin Chasca talent priority
For Genshin Chasca build, players must prioritize upgrading her elemental skill.
Talent
Chasca talent Priority
Recommended level
Normal Attack
★ ★
2+
Elemental Skill
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
10+
Elemental Burst
★ ★ ★ ★
7+
Although Chasca uses Charged Attacks to deal damage to enemies, her main source of damage comes from her Elemental Skill. Upgrading her Normal Attack barely increases her Charged Attack damage, so it can be left untouched. Meanwhile, her Elemental Burst can be upgraded for additional damage.
Best Weapons for Genshin Chasca
Here are Chasca’s best weapons (Quick Recommendations):
Best-in-slot: Astral Vulture's Crimson Plumage
Best 5-star alternative: Aqua Simulacra, The First Great Magic
Best 4-star alternatives: Scion of the Blazing Sun
Best F2P weapon: Range Gauge
Chasca does have a strong selection of premium options, but if your pulls are running low, there are still safe and affordable ways to stock up on
Genshin Genesis Crystals
.
Astral Vulture's Crimson Plumage
Signature weapon and best-in-slot for Chasca build
Main stats
Base ATK: 608
CRIT DMG: 66.2%
After triggering a Swirl reaction, ATK increases by 24% for 12s
If 1/2 or more party members are of different Elemental Types:
Charged Attack DMG increases by 20% / 48%
Elemental Burst DMG increases by 10% / 24%
Aqua Simulacra
Second-best
Must be used at close range
Main stats
Base ATK: 542
CRIT DMG: 88.2%
HP is increased by 16%
When opponents are nearby, DMG dealt is increased by 20%
Effect applies whether the character is on-field or off-field
The First Great Magic
Main stats:
Base ATK: 608
CRIT DMG: 66.2%
Charged Attack DMG is increased by 16%
Gain 1 Gimmick stack for each party member with the same Elemental Type (including the wielder)
Gain 1 Theatrics stack for each party member with a different Elemental Type
Stack Bonuses:
Gimmick (1/2/3 stacks): ATK increases by 16% / 32% / 48%
Theatrics (1/2/3 stacks): Movement SPD increases by 4% / 7% / 10%
Scion of the Blazing Sun
Best battlepass weapon for Chasca
Main stats:
Base ATK: 565
CRIT Rate: 18.4%
After a Charged Attack hits an opponent, a Sunfire Arrow descends, dealing 60% of ATK as DMG
Applies Heartsearer for 10s
Enemies affected by Heartsearer take 28% increased Charged Attack DMG from the wielder
Sunfire Arrow can be triggered once every 10s
Range Gauge
Best F2P option
Main stats:
Base ATK: 565
ATK: 27.6%
After a Charged Attack hits an opponent, a Sunfire Arrow descends, dealing 60% ATK as DMG
Applies Heartsearer to the hit opponent for 10s
Enemies affected by Heartsearer take 28% increased Charged Attack DMG from the wielder
A Sunfire Arrow can be triggered once every 10s
Genshin Chasca best artifact sets
Here are the best artifact sets for Genshin Chasca build (Quick Recommendations)
Best-in-slot: Obsidian Codex
Best alternative (Furina team): Marechaussee Hunter
Best ATK set: Shimenawa's Reminiscence
Best EM set: Wanderer's Troupe
Obsidian Codex
Best in-slot artifact set
While the equipping character is in Nightsoul’s Blessing and on the field, DMG dealt is increased by 15%
After the equipping character consumes 1 Nightsoul point while on the field, CRIT Rate increases by 40% for 6s
This effect can be triggered once every 1s
Marechaussee Hunter
Can only be used if Furina is on the team
Normal and Charged Attack DMG +15%
When HP changes, gain +12% CRIT Rate for 5s (max 3 stacks)
A total of 36% Crit rate
Shimenawa's Reminiscence
ATK +18%
After casting an Elemental Skill (if Energy ≥ 15), consume 15 Energy to gain +50% Normal/Charged/Plunging Attack DMG for 10s (no re-trigger during effect)
Wanderer's Troupe
Good for reaction-based teams
Elemental Mastery +80
Charged Attack DMG +35% (for Catalyst or Bow users)
Main stats priority
Sands: Attack%
Goblet: Attack% or Anemo Damage%
Circlet: Crit Rate or Crit damage
Sub-stats priority
Crit rate
Crit damage
ATK%
Elemental Mastery
Flat ATK
Energy Recharge
Genshin Chasca constellations - Should you pull?
Listed below are Genshin Chasca’s constellations, their ratings and whether you should pull for them.
Best early stopping point: C2
High investment breakpoint: C2
High power ceiling: C6
1. Cylinder, the Restless Roulette
Ratings
: ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
Effect
: When triggering the Ascension Talent "Bullet Trick"'s "Spiritbinding Conversion," the 2nd Shadowhunt Shell loaded into the cylinder will be additionally converted into a Shining Shadowhunt Shell.
The chance to trigger "Spiritbinding Conversion" is increased: If there are party members who meet the Elemental Conversion Type requirements, the chance to trigger "Spiritbinding Conversion" is increased by 33.3%, up to a maximum of 100%.
You must first unlock the Ascension Talent "Bullet Trick."
In addition, Chasca's Nightsoul point and Phlogiston consumption in her Nightsoul's Blessing state is decreased by 30% while out of combat.
Reason
: A great constellation. This allows her third bullet to have a 100% chance of getting converted. This somehow lifts her team restrictions, allowing you to use character such as Xilonen.
2. Muzzle, the Searing Smoke
Ratings
: ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
Effect
: When Chasca takes the field, she will obtain 1 stack of "Spirit of the Radiant Shadow" from the Ascension Talent "Bullet Trick." You must first unlock the Ascension Talent "Bullet Trick" for this effect.
In addition, when the Shining Shadowhunt Shells from Spirit Reins, Shadow Hunt's Multitarget Fire hit opponents, they will deal AoE Elemental DMG of the corresponding Elemental Type of the Shining Shadowhunt Shells equal to 400% of Chasca's ATK. This DMG is considered Charged Attack DMG. This effect can be triggered once each time Chasca uses Multitarget Fire.
Reason
: Much like C1, C2 makes team building for Chasca easier. This constellation also adds additional damage during her skill based on her ATK%.
3. Reins, Her Careful Control
Ratings
: ★ ★ ★ ★
Effect
: Increases the Level of Spirit Reins, Shadow Hunt by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Reason
: Greatly improves her kit as Chasca heavily relies on elemental skills.
4. Sparks, the Sudden Shot
Ratings
: ★ ★ ★ ★
Effect
: When the Radiant Soulseeker Shells from Soul Reaper's Fatal Round hit opponents, they will restore 1.5 Elemental Energy to Chasca, and deal AoE Elemental DMG of the corresponding Elemental Type of the Radiant Soulseeker Shells equal to 400% of Chasca's ATK. This DMG is considered Charged Attack DMG.
The aforementioned corresponding elemental AoE DMG effect can be triggered once each time Chasca uses Soul Reaper's Fatal Round.
Reason
: Restores energy, allowing her to use her burst more often.
5. Brim, the Sandshadow's Silhouette
Ratings
: ★ ★ ★ ★
Effect
: Increases the Level of Soul Reaper's Fatal Round by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Reason
: Improves the damage dealt by elemental burst.
6. Showdown, the Glory of Battle
Ratings
: ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
Effect
: Chasca's Multitarget Fire charge time is decreased, and after the Ascension Talent "Bullet Trick"'s "Spiritbinding Conversion" is triggered, Chasca will gain the "Fatal Rounds" state: For the next 3s, the next time Chasca uses Spirit Reins, Shadow Hunt's Multitarget Fire, the shots will finish charging instantly, and the CRIT DMG of that instance of Multitarget Fire's Shadowhunt Shells and Shining Shadowhunt Shells increases by 120%. 1 "Fatal Rounds" effect can be gained once every 3s.
You must first unlock the Ascension Talent "Bullet Trick" to gain access to the above effect.
Reason
: Chasca's best constellation, allowing her to experience a massive damage boost.
Genshin Chasca Best Teams (Premium and F2P)
Best Genshin Chasca Teams (v6.5)
Best team: Chasca, Furina, Bennett and Ororon
Best vape team - Chasca, Furina, Mavuika and Bennett
Best Melt team - Chasca, Escoffier, Mavuika and Bennett
As mentioned above, Chasca does not deal purely Anemo damage. During her Elemental Skill, her Charged Attacks undergo elemental conversion based on the elements of her teammates, allowing her to fit into a wide variety of team compositions.
Best Genshin Chasca team - Chasca, Furina, Bennett and Ororon
Main DPS: Chasca
Hydro sub-DPS: Furina
Electro sub-DPS: Ororon
Healer and ATK buffer: Bennett
Chasca
Escoffier
Mavuika
Bennett
The presence of three PHEC elements means there's gonna be a lot going on in this team. You can use the team to trigger Electro-charged, Vaporize and Overload by having Furina and Ororon as off-field sub-DPS, and Bennett as ATK buffer.
Best Chasca vape team - Chasca, Furina, Mavuika and Bennett
Main DPS: Chasca
Hydro sub-DPS: Furina
Pyro sub-DPS: Mavuika
Healer and ATK buffer: Bennett
Chasca
Furina
Mavuika
Bennett
Players can also utilize vaporize reaction by having an off-field Pyro sub-DPS such as Mavuika, and a hydro sub-DPS like Furina. Bennett still serves as the main healer for fanfare buffs, and flat ATK buff.
Best Genshin Chasca Melt team - Chasca, Escoffier, Mavuika and Bennett
Main DPS: Chasca
Cryo sub-DPS: Escoffier
Pyro sub-DPS: Mavuika
Healer and ATK buffer: Bennett
Chasca
Escoffier
Mavuika
Bennett
Replace Furina with a cryo character and you'll now have a melt team. For this team archetype, we recommend Escoffier. She's a Cryo off-field sub-DPS who can also offer healing.
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Genshin Chasca build
What is the best Genshin Chasca build?
The best Genshin Chasca build focuses on boosting her Elemental Skill damage with Obsidian Codex, her signature weapon Astral Vulture’s Crimson Plumage, and a Crit-focused setup with ATK scaling and reaction-friendly teammates.
What is Chasca’s main source of damage?
Chasca’s damage mainly comes from her Elemental Skill
What are the best artifacts for Chasca build in Genshin Impact
Her best artifact set is Obsidian Codex, followed by Marechaussee Hunter, Shimenawa's Reminiscence and Wanderer's Troupe.
What weapons are best for Genshin Chasca build?
Top weapons include Astral Vulture’s Crimson Plumage (best-in-slot), Aqua Simulacra and The First Great Magic.
Who is Chasca in Genshin Impact?
Chasca is a 5-star Anemo Bow character.
That’s everything you need to know about the Genshin Chasca build! Now it’s time to put everything into action: build her properly, optimize her artifacts and weapons, and start maximizing her kit with the help of this guide!
Share
AI Summary
Nina Forneloza
Content Writer
Niña Forneloza is a game guides writer who has a love-hate relationship with role-playing, gacha, and first-person shooter games. In her free time, she’s either going full tryhard in Valorant, or recovering from her latest tilt.