Click Here to Add Beebom as a Trusted Source
Add as a preferred source on Google
The Genshin Impact 5.2 update brings a map expansion for Natlan and two new characters. One of these new characters is Chasca, an
Anemo Bow DPS
, who deals more damage based on the Pyro, Hydro, Electro, or Cryo characters in her team. Chasca’s kit is very different from other DPS units, making Genshin players highly confused about how to play her properly. Chasca can deal a ton of damage in her best team, and her ability to fly is a delight for exploration. Here is the best Chasca build you need to follow in order to get the best out of her kit in Genshin Impact.
Genshin Impact: Best Chasca Build
Image Credit: Hoyoverse (via X/@GenshinImpact, screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
Don’t have time to read all the different build options? Here is a quick overview of the best build for Chasca in Genshin Impact:
Artifact
: 4-piece Obsidian Codex
Weapon
: Astral Vulture’s Crimson Plumage (5-star) / Range Gauge (4-star)
Main Stats
: Attack % (Sands), Attack % (Goblet), and Crit Rate/Crit Damage (Circlet)
Sub Stats
: ER% (140-160) > Crit Rate / Crit Damage > Attack % > EM
Team
: Chasca, Furina, Raiden Shogun, Bennet
If you are set on getting Chasca in Genshin, you will also need to pre-farm her materials. Check out our
Chasca material and farming
guide, so that you can pre-farm before her release in Version 5.2. Other than that, if you’re running low on Primogems, check out our list of
Genshin Impact codes
to restock yourself for Genshin Impact 5.2.
Best Chasca Artifacts in Genshin Impact
Image Credit: Hoyoverse (screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
4-piece Obsidian Codex
4-piece Marechaussee Hunter
4-piece Shimenawa’s Reminiscence
The new Natlan Artifact set
Obsidian Codex is the best artifact set for Chasca
. This artifact is perfect for Natlan DPS units as it increases the damage dealt by 15% when in Nightsoul’s Blessing stat and on the field. The 4-piece effect further increases Crit Rate by 40% for 6 seconds when the equipping character consumes 1 Nightsould point and can trigger once every second.
Other than that, the
4-piece Marechaussee Hunter is a good alternative set on Chasca
, although it would work best with Furina in the team. This artifact increases normal and charged attack damage by 15%, and Crit Rate by 12% when HP increases or decreases, for 5 seconds and stacking up to 3 times.
Shimenawa’s Reminiscence is another decent option
for Chasca, but it should be only picked if you have better sub-stats on it than the other artifacts mentioned above.
Main and Sub Stats for Chasca
Image Credit: Hoyoverse (screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
Chasca is a unique DPS character who scales mainly on Attack. Her highest damage output comes from her Burst, which has an energy requirement.
To use her Burst every rotation, you need to reach 140-160% Energy Regeneration
Rate. Next, as Chasca will have a high Crit Rate already with Obsidian Codex, it is best to invest in Crit Damage and Attack, followed by Elemental Mastery.
Regarding Chasca’s main stat priority, use
Attack % Sands
or ER% Sands if you fail to meet her ER requirement with sub-stats. Next, get an
Attack % Goblet
, and
Crit Rate or Crit Damage Circlet
.
Artifact
Main / Sub-Stat
Flower
Flat HP / ER% > Crit Damage = Crit Rate > Attack % > EM
Feather
Flat ATK / ER% > Crit Damage = Crit Rate > Attack % > EM
Sands
Attack % > ER% / ER% > Crit Damage = Crit Rate > Attack % > EM
Goblet
Attack % / ER% > Crit Damage = Crit Rate > Attack % > EM
Circlet
Crit Rate = Crit Damage / ER% > Crit Damage = Crit Rate > Attack % > EM
Best Weapons for Chasca in Genshin Impact
Image Credit: Hoyoverse (screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
Astral Vulture’s Crimson Plumage (Signature)
Aqua Simulacra
Range Gauge (Best 4-star)
Scion of the Blazing Sun
Song of Stillness (Best F2P)
Chain Breaker
Chasca’s signature weapon,
Astral Vulture’s Crimson Plumage
, is also her best-in-slot weapon. This weapon has a 66% bonus Crit Damage and 608 Attack.
The weapon effect increases the character’s attack by 24% after triggering a Swirl reaction. Plus, when half and more characters in the party are of a different Elemental Type, increases the damage dealt by Charged attacks from the wearer by 20%/48% and Elemental Burst damage by 10%/24%.
Related Articles
Genshin Impact Pyro Traveler Release Date Leaked: Here’s When It Is Coming Out
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Nov 14, 2024
Genshin Impact Leaks: This Character Will Soon Get a Second Story Quest and a New Skin
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Nov 13, 2024
Genshin Impact 5.4 Leak Reveals a New Inazuma Character is in the Works
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Nov 13, 2024
For her other weapon options,
Aqua Simulacra is her best 5-star
alternative
. Other than that, you can also use the 4-star bows — Range Gauge and Scion of the Blazing Sun. For her F2P options, you can use the craftable bows —
Song of Stillness
and Chain Breaker.
Best Chasca Teams in Genshin Impact
Order
Main DPS
Support
Support
Healer
Best
Chasca
Furina
Raiden Shogun
Bennet
Alternative
Chasca
Xilonen (Chasca C1) / Furina
Ororon
Bennet
F2P Friendly
Chasca
Xiangling
Ororon
Charlotte
The best team for Chasca’s build in Genshin Impact is a bit complicated as she is an extremely unique DPS unit. Due to her, it is
best to have three different elemental characters in her team
from the Hydro, Cryo, Pyro, and Electro elements. Chasca’s Anemo damage is not that high, while her marked bullets from her allies’ elements deal a ton more damage. This means that you should
always pair Chasca with one of the Hydro, Cryo, Pyro, or Electro units to get the highest damage output from her.
For Chasca’s best team, you need to pair her with
Furina, Raiden Shogun, and Bennet
. Raiden Shogun will play as a battery and Bennet will act as the main healer in this team. Other than that, you can swap these characters with Ororon, Xiangling, Charlotte, or other Support units with that specific element.
If you have Chasca C1, then you can also use Xilonen, or go with two characters of the same element with good synergies like Bennet and Xiangling, or Shenhe and Charlotte together.
So that’s everything on Chasca’s build in Genshin Impact. Did we miss anything while creating her best build? Tell us in the comments to help the other readers.
#Tags
#Genshin Impact
Sanmay Chakrabarti
An old soul who loves CRPGs and Souls-Like to death. Takes pleasure in simplifying "Complex and Hard" games for casual players with tailored guides and videos. He loves to explore new places, read fantasy fiction, watch anime, and create wacky character builds in his off time. He also loves solving puzzles,  and is proud of maintaining his long winning streak on NYT Connections.
Comments
0
Leave a Reply
Cancel reply
Add new comment
Name
Email ID
Δ
Loading comments...
Recommended Articles
Genshin Impact Jahoda Build: Teams, Artifacts and Weapons
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Illuga Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Zibai Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Linnea Build, Kit, and Weapons
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Luna V Guide: Leaks, Characters, and Release Date
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Lantern Rite 2026 Guide
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Build a Farm Factory Codes (April 2026)
Sanmay Chakrabarti
More In Gaming
Marvel Rivals Error Codes and How to Fix Them
Ajith Kumar
How to Get Ben 10 Skins in Fortnite
Pranav Maytray
Sailor Piece Best Luck Build
Ishan Adhikary
Pokemon TCG Pocket Pulsing Aura Set Card List
Arnamoy Das
How to Get Fortnite Bloons TD 6 Sidekick for Free
Pranav Maytray
Assassin's Creed Black Flag Resynced System Requirements (Minimum and Recommended)
Ajith Kumar
Anime Vanguards Tier List (April 2026) – Best Units Ranked
Ishan Adhikary