[6.5] Genshin Impact Lauma Best build - Artifacts, Weapons and Teams
Nina Forneloza
Apr 23, 2026
Lauma, one of the strongest supports for Bloom teams, will return in Version 6.5 Phase 2. With this best Genshin Lauma build guide, her value will become even higher.
From the region of Nod Krai, Lauma is a
5-star
support character that centers on applying dendro aura and significant buffs for bloom teams. Between a dendro and hydro resistance shred and bloom-related buffs, Lauma gets to be one of the supports who has the potential to drain pulls, especially if players have Nefer and Nilou. But before she becomes strong, she'll need a good build. Keep on reading to learn more about the Genshin Impact Lauma build: her best artifacts, weapons, and teams.
Genshin Lauma build - Quick Summary
Best Artifact set: Silken Moon's Serenade
Best weapon: Nightweaver's Looking Glass
Talent priority: Elemental skill = elemental burst >>>> Normal Attack
Best Team: Nefer, Lauma, Columbina, and Sucrose (Lunar-bloom)
Genshin Lauma build - Character Profile
Character Name
Lauma
Rarity
5-star
Role
Lunar-bloom Support
Vision
Dendro
Weapon
Catalyst
Region
Nod-Krai / Sumeru
Genshin Lauma talent priority
For the best Genshin Lauma build, we recommend upgrading her elemental skill and elemental burst.
Lauma
is a support that can make your bloom or lunar-bloom damage skyrocket, and upgrading her talents will instantly translate the team's overall damage.
Talent
Lauma talent Priority
Recommended level
Normal Attack
★ ★
2+
Elemental Skill
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
7+
Elemental Burst
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
7+
Lauma’s Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst are both worth prioritizing. Beyond raw damage, leveling her Elemental Skill enhances her Elemental Resistance shred, while upgrading her Elemental Burst increases the damage boost done by Bloom-related reactions.
Best Weapons for Genshin Lauma
Here are Lauma’s best weapons (Quick Recommendations):
Best-in-slot:  Nightweaver's Looking Glass
Best 5-star alternative: A Thousand Floating Dreams
Best 4-star alternatives: Etherlight Spindlelute, and Blackmarrow Lantern
Best F2P weapon: Prototype Amber
Nightweaver's Looking Glass (5-star)
Main stats:
Base ATK: 542
Secondary Stat: 265 Elemental Mastery
Using Elemental Skill that deals Hydro or Dendro DMG grants +60 Elemental Mastery for 4.5s
When party triggers Lunar-Bloom reactions, gains another buff:
+60 Elemental Mastery for 10s
When both buffs are active:
Bloom DMG +120%
Hyperbloom & Burgeon DMG +80%
Lunar-Bloom DMG +40%
Effects do not stack
Best-in-slot and signature weapon
A Thousand Floating Dreams (5-star)
Main stats:
Base ATK: 542
Secondary Stat: 265 Elemental Mastery
Party members grant buffs based on Elemental Type match:
Same element: +32 Elemental Mastery
Different element: +10% Elemental DMG Bonus
Each effect can stack up to 3 times
Additional Team Buff:
All nearby party members (except wielder): +40 Elemental Mastery
Designed for strong team-wide EM and elemental synergy buffs
Etherlight Spindlelute (4-star)
Main stats:
Base ATK: 510
Secondary Stat: 45.9% Energy Recharge
After using an Elemental Skill, gain +100 Elemental Mastery for 20s
Strong EM scaling uptime with consistent Skill usage
Also helps Lauma gain access to her burst faster thanks to ER stats
Blackmarrow Lantern (4-star)
Main stats:
Base ATK: 454
Secondary Stat: 221 Elemental Mastery
Bloom DMG +48%
Lunar-Bloom DMG +12%
Moonsign: Ascendant Gleam:
Additional Lunar-Bloom DMG +12%
Focuses heavily on boosting reaction-based damage, especially Bloom and Lunar-Bloom scaling
Gains extra value under Ascendant Gleam condition
Prototype Amber (4-star)
Main stats:
Base ATK: 510
Secondary Stat: 41.3% HP
After using an Elemental Burst:
Regenerate 4 Energy every 2s for 6s
All party members regenerate 4% HP every 2s for 6s
Good F2P weapon if the team has no healer/shielderr
Genshin Lauma best artifact sets
Here are Lauma’s best artifacts set  (Quick Recommendations)
Best-in-slot: Silken Moon Serenade
Best support set: Deepwood Memories
Best set for personal damage, and stacking EM: Gilded Dreams
Silken Moon's Serenade
Best-in-slot set for both bloom and lunar-bloom team
Energy Recharge +20%
After dealing Elemental DMG, gain the following stats:
Moonsign: Nascent Gleam → +60 Elemental Mastery for all party members
Moonsign: Ascendant Gleam → +120 Elemental Mastery for all party members
Can be triggered off-field
Party gains +10% Lunar Reaction DMG per different Gleaming Moon effect active
Gleaming Moon effects cannot stack
Deepwood Memories
Best used in Dendro-focused or Bloom/Lunar-Bloom teams
Strong Dendro shred set for boosting reaction and team damage
Dendro DMG Bonus +15%
After Elemental Skill or Burst hits an enemy:
Enemy gains -30% Dendro RES for 8s
Can be triggered off-field
Gilded Dreams
Improves Lauma's personal damage and buff
Elemental Mastery +80
Within 8s after triggering an Elemental Reaction, gain buffs based on party composition:
+14% ATK for each party member with the same Elemental Type (max 3 stacks)
+50 Elemental Mastery for each party member with a different Elemental Type (max 3 stacks)
Can trigger once every 8s
Can activate off-field
Main stats priority
Sands: Elemental Mastery or Energy Recharge
Goblet: Elemental Mastery
Circlet: Elemental Mastery or Crit Rate
Sub-stats priority
Energy Recharge
Elemental Mastery
Crit rate
Genshin Lauma constellations - Should you pull?
Listed below are Genshin Lauma’s constellations, their ratings and whether you should pull for them.
Best early stopping point: C2
High investment breakpoint: C4
High power ceiling: C6
1. "O Lips, Weave Me Songs and Psalms"
Ratings
: ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
Effect
: After Lauma uses her Elemental Skill Runo: Dawnless Rest of Karsikko or her Elemental Burst Runo: All Hearts Become the Beating Moon, she will gain Threads of Life for 20s.
During this time, when nearby party members trigger Lunar-Bloom reactions, nearby active characters will recover HP equal to 500% of Lauma's Elemental Mastery. This effect can be triggered once every 1.9s.
Additionally, the Stamina cost for Lauma's Spirit Envoy Form will be reduced by 40%, and its Max Duration will be extended by 5s.
Reason
: A strong sustain-focused constellation, especially valuable for teams lacking dedicated healers or shielders, since Bloom damage can also affect the active character.
2. "Twine Warnings and Tales From the North"
Ratings
: ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
Effect
: The Elemental Burst Runo: All Hearts Become the Beating Moon is enhanced:
· Pale Hymn effects are increased: All nearby party members' Bloom, Hyperbloom, and Burgeon DMG is further increased by 500% of Lauma's Elemental Mastery, and their Lunar-Bloom DMG is further increased by 400% of Lauma's Elemental Mastery.
Moonsign: Ascendant Gleam: All nearby party members' Lunar-Bloom DMG is increased by 40%.
Reason
: One of her best constellations. Both good for bloom and lunar-bloom, but is especially better for the latter. Lauma's C2 greatly improves her bloom buffs, and the lunar-bloom base damage is also increased.
3. "Seek Not to Tread the Sly Fox's Path"
Ratings
: ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
Effect
: Increases the Level of Runo: All Hearts Become the Beating Moon by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Reason
: Improves Lauma's bloom and lunar-bloom buffs on her elemental burst.
4. "Nor Yearn for the Great Bear's Might"
Ratings
: ★ ★ ★ ★
Effect
: When attacks from the Frostgrove Sanctuary summoned by her Elemental Skill Runo: Dawnless Rest of Karsikko hit opponents, Lauma will regain 4 Elemental Energy. This effect can be triggered once every 5s.
Reason
: This helps players when building Lauma. Lauma relies on her Elemental Burst, so having a constellation that reduces her Energy requirement is really appreciated.
5. "If Truth May Be Subject to Witness"
Ratings
: ★ ★ ★ ★
Effect
: Increases the Level of Runo: Dawnless Rest of Karsikko by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Reason
: Increases Lauma's personal damage and elemental resistance shred.
6. "I Offer Blood and Tears to the Moonlight"
Ratings
: ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
Effect
: When the Frostgrove Sanctuary attacks opponents, it will deal 1 additional instance of AoE Dendro DMG equal to 185% of Lauma's Elemental Mastery.
This DMG is considered Lunar-Bloom DMG.
This instance of DMG will not consume any Pale Hymn stacks and will provide Lauma with 2 stacks of Pale Hymn, as well as refreshing the duration of Pale Hymn stacks gained in this manner.
This effect can occur up to 8 times during each Frostgrove Sanctuary. When using the Elemental Skill Runo: Dawnless Rest of Karsikko, all Pale Hymn stacks gained in this manner will be removed.
Additionally, when Lauma uses a Normal Attack while she has Pale Hymn stacks, she will consume 1 stack to convert this to deal Dendro DMG equal to 150% of her Elemental Mastery. This DMG is considered Lunar-Bloom DMG.
Moonsign: Ascendant Gleam: All nearby party members' Lunar-Bloom DMG is elevated by 25%.
Reason
: C6 is Lauma's best constellation. This lets Lauma deal increased Lunar-Bloom damage, which doesn’t consume Pale Hymn stacks but instead adds two additional stacks. If in Ascendant Gleam, the team can also enjoy a 25% Lunar-bloom damage increase.
Genshin Lauma Best Teams (Premium and F2P)
Best Genshin Lauma Teams (v6.5)
Lunar-Bloom Team: Nefer, Lauma, Columbina and Sucrose
Bloom Team: Nilou, Lauma, Kokomi and Nahida
F2P Hyperbloom team: Lauma, Kuki Shinobu, Xingqiu and Dendro MC
Lauma is currently the best buffer for Bloom and Lunar-bloom teams. With her elemental skill and elemental burst, she gets to apply off-field buff and personal damage. As a support sub-DPS, Lauma can function with or without Nod-Krai teammates. Here are the best Genshin Lauma teams!
Best Genshin Lauma Lunar-bloom team - Nefer, Lauma, Columbina and Sucrose
Main DPS: Nefer
Sub-DPS and buffer: Lauma
Sub-DPS and buffer: Columbina
Support and buffer: Sucrose
Genshin Lauma’s best and premium team features Nefer as the main DPS. Lauma serves as the Dendro Lunar-Bloom buffer, while Columbina provides Lunar reaction buffs. Sucrose rounds out the team with Elemental Mastery boosts and crowd control.
Although it's pretty expensive, the value that this team gives is incomparable. But if you don't have enough pulls to get them, a quick
Genshin top up
might help you.
Nefer
Lauma
Columbina
Sucrose
Best Lauma Bloom team - Nilou, Lauma, Kokomi and Nahida
Bloom DPS: Nilou
Sub-DPS and buffer: Lauma
Sub-DPS and buffer: Nahida
Healer and hydro applicator: Kokomi
Nilou
Lauma
Kokomi
Nahida
Another great team comp is the Lauma bloom team with Nilou who can proc massive damage through Bountiful cores, Nahida for EM buff and dendro application and Kokomi for healing and hydro application.
Best Lauma F2P team - Lauma, Kuki Shinobu, Xingqiu and Dendro MC
Dendro sub-DPS: Lauma
Electro trigger and healer: Kuki Shinobu
Hydro sub-DPS and applicator: Xingqiu
Dendro applicator: Dendro MC or any 4-star dendro
Lauma
Kuki Shinobu
Xingqiu
Dendro MC
As for Lauma's F2P team, you can run a nearly full 4-star team in a Hyperbloom setup. For this team specifically, you’ll want to use Kuki Shinobu as the Electro trigger, Xingqiu as the sole Hydro applicator, and another Dendro unit such as Dendro Traveler or Yaoyao.
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Genshin Lauma build
When is Genshin Lauma's rerun in 2026?
Lauma will have her first rerun on April 29, 2026, during the second phase of version 6.5.
Is Lauma F2P-friendly?
Yes! Lauma is F2P-friendly as she can work with 4-star teammates, has access to craftable weapons and is C0 friendly.
What are Lauma’s best talents to level first for te best Genshin Lauma build?
Priority should go to:
Elemental Skill (highest priority)
Elemental Burst (highest priority)
What is Lauma’s best weapon for Genshin Lauma build?
Lauma's best weapon is Nightweaver’s Looking Glass. She can also use alternatives such as A Thousand Floating Dreams, Etherlight Spindletune and Blackmarrow Lantern.
That’s everything needed to know about the Genshin Lauma build. When built right, Lauma can carry an entire Bloom and Lunar-Bloom team. Try putting the build into practice and see how much your team’s damage shifts!
Share
AI Summary
Nina Forneloza
Content Writer
Niña Forneloza is a game guides writer who has a love-hate relationship with role-playing, gacha, and first-person shooter games. In her free time, she’s either going full tryhard in Valorant, or recovering from her latest tilt.