Best Lauma teams in Genshin Impact
Gaming
September 10, 2025
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
WhatsApp
Lauma is a 5-star Dendro Sub-DPS
in
Genshin Impact
. She is one of
the first Nod-Krai characters
to be released in the game and brings with her a brand-new reaction called Lunar-Bloom. This is an enhanced version of the regular Bloom reaction.
Lauma’s Hydro and Dendro RES shred makes her a strong meta pick, and definitely a character you should try adding to your roster if you have a bunch of Hydro and Dendro characters already. If you do decide to pull for her, this article lists Lauma’s best teams in Genshin Impact.
Lauma Genshin Impact best teams
With her Hydro and Dendro RES shred, Lauma is best used with other Hydro and Dendro characters to get Lunar-Bloom procs in order to boost the team’s damage output.
Here are Lauma’s best teams in Genshin Impact:
Nilou/Lauma/Nahida/Kokomi
Neuvilette/Lauma/Ineffa/Furina
Lauma/Kuki Shinobu/Yelan/Xingqiu
Lauma/Ineffa/Yelan/Xingqiu
Lauma/Nahida/Xingqiu/Kuki Shinobu
Lauma works exceptionally well with Nilou, which is to be expected. However, she has even better teammates in the form of Neuvillete and Ineffa. Lauma works well with the latter two as an enabler for Neuvilette to dish out great damage.
Other 5-star characters like Nahida, Yelan, Furina, and Kokomi synergize well with Lauma’s kit too. All of these characters can be used to form a strong Lunar-Bloom team comp.
Related
Erotic visual novel pulled for allegedly basing character on Faker, especially his iconic moniker "Unkillable Demon King"
For F2P players, Xingqiu and Kuki Shinobu are excellent options. They are typically used in Bloom teams and Lauma does a great job when paired with them. This makes Lauma quite a F2P friendly character since
she isn’t too dependent on her signature weapon as well
.
Lauma will only get stronger in the future with the introduction of characters like Nefer. She is definitely a strong character to have in your account if you have a couple of her best teammates or plan to pull for Nefer when she goes live.
Tags
Genshin Impact
PC Gaming
Siddarth Narasimman
Siddarth Narasimman is an Esports and Gaming writer who specializes in covering a wide array of games. His primary focus lies in Genshin Impact, Wuthering Waves, Zenless Zone Zero, League of Legends, Counter-Strike, and Valorant, with additional expertise on games such as Dead by Daylight, Marvel Rivals, and Hollow Knight.Apart from writing, Siddarth loves to hit the gym and spend time watching interesting videos and TV shows.
Search
Latest articles
How to maximize Soul Farming in every game of Deadlock
April 24, 2026
Major Xbox Game Pass Strategy Pivot Could Finally Save It From Sinking
April 23, 2026
Deadlock complete Counter Item guide
April 22, 2026
Top 7 Games where the antagonist is an AI
April 21, 2026
Previous article
Why was Breaking Bad actor Raymond Cruz arrested: Exploring the entire controversy
Next article
Top 10 Broken Fighting Game Characters (Ranked)
Related articles
How to maximize Soul Farming in every game of Deadlock
Gaming
April 24, 2026
Major Xbox Game Pass Strategy Pivot Could Finally Save It From Sinking
Gaming
April 23, 2026
Deadlock complete Counter Item guide
Gaming
April 22, 2026