Task Search
Checklists
Guides
Markers
Videos
Sort and Filter
No Results
Checklists
New Checklist
All Lists
My Checklists
All
All Lists
My Checklists
How creative can you get with your first free checklist?
Create a free account
All Interactive Maps and Locations
Genshin Impact Lauma Build Guide: Best Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
By
Cedric Pabriga
,
Jen Rothery
,
Triforce
,
+30 more
Updated
:
Sep 26, 2025 5:03pm UTC
Lauma follows the Nod-Krai trend of buffing a specific reaction, allowing previously unpopular teams to flourish. Specifically, Lauma brings great boons to all teams using Bloom-based reactions. This guide to the
best Genshin Impact Lauma build
will explain the best weapons, artifact sets, constellations, and team compositions for Lauma.
Lauma
Rarity:
★★★★★
Element:
Dendro
Weapon:
Catalyst
Table of Contents:
How to Get Lauma
Lauma Gameplay Overview
Lauma Talents and Attack Combos
Lauma Constellation Analysis
Lauma's Best Weapons
Lauma's Best Artifacts
Lauma's Best Teams
How to Get Lauma in Genshin Impact
Lauma is a limited 5-star character, meaning you can only acquire her during limited time banners where she is featured.
Genshin Lauma Gameplay Overview
Element:
Dendro
Weapon:
Catalyst
Rarity:
5-star
Lauma is a character that provides a massive buff to Bloom-based reactions, whether it be Bloom, Hyperbloom, or Burgeon. She is straightforward to build and Free-to-Play friendly, able to coast off of craftable and event 4-Star weapons while also revitalizing Nilou teams, which had been suffering for some time prior to Lauma’s release.
Elemental Mastery and Energy Recharge are the stats to build on Lauma, and she needs a lot of both: at least 800 EM and around 200% ER, but you don’t need to worry about much else.
What makes Lauma useful is her ability to convert Bloom into Lunar-Bloom reactions, which are amplified based on her Elemental Mastery stat. Not only that, but she allows these reactions to CRIT at a 15/100 ratio.
Overall, Lauma is a solid pick-up that could help some old teams clear Abyss again if it had become too difficult to pull off before, though her best teams won’t wander far from Bloom and Hyperbloom.
Stats Worth Consideration
Energy Recharge %
: This ensures Lauma can reliably use her Burst. Aim for just shy of 200. Usually, you should pick ER% on either your weapon or your Sands of Eon, and then get the rest through substats.
EM
: This helps Lauma’s special Lunar-Bloom reaction stronger.
CRIT:
Only if you’re using a Favonius weapon. CRIT is sometimes okay on a circlet for Lauma, but usually not.
For any character devoted to building damage, it is important to prioritize a 1-to-2 ratio between CRIT Rate and CRIT DMG. 1-3 ratios, while they may give dopamine through bigger Crit numbers, is actually less damage overall. Aim for 75;150 in most cases!
Genshin Lauma Talents and Attack Combos
Your talent-levelling priority should is Skill >= Burst.
Talent
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
Normal Attack
There are no special effects. However, Charged Attacks transform Lauma into a deer that can move a great distance. It’s fun for overworld exploration.
Lauma has no reason to use her Normal Attacks unless she has all of her Constellations, so there is no reason to level this talent. The only reason to use them otherwise is because she is a Catalyst-wielder who applies her element on Normal Attacks (standard ICD).
Elemental Skill
Tap: Deals damage over time.
Hold: Consumes (at least) 1 Verdant Dew; deals an instance of Dendro damage plus an instance of Dendro “Lunar-Bloom” damage. Each Dew consumed grants one stack of Moon Song (used for Burst). Will also deal damage at a fixed interval of two seconds, applying Dendro and decrease Hydro and Dendro resistance of enemies by up to 25%.
You always want to use the Hold version. This means your strategy requires creating Bloom reactions frequently to stack three Verdant dews. You’ll probably want two Dendro characters and at least one character with consistent, high Hydro application. Lauma can create reactions through her Normal Attack before using her Hold Skill, but this is somewhat awkward.
Elemental Burst
Gains 18 stacks of Pale Hymn + 6 stacks of Pale Hymn for every stack gained from Lauma’s Skill. Max total is 36. Each Bloom-related reaction will consume a Pale Hymn stack to deal a sizeable amount of additive damage.
You always want the maximum amount of stacks for this, which means you need 3 Verdant Dews… which means (in plain English) you need to generate three Bloom reactions
First Ascension Passive
After using Skill, the party will get one of two effects based on how many Nod Krai units are in your party. If only one is in your party, Bloom-based reactions gain the ability to CRIT, with starting CR at 15% and CD fixed at (it won’t go higher than) 100%. If two or more are in the party, Lunar Bloom CRIT Rate +10% and CRIT DMG +20%
You cannot get both passives. You should choose which buff you want. The first option (only one Nod-Krai character, Lauma herself) lets your other Bloom reactions CRIT (Lunar Bloom already does), and the other only buffs Lunar Bloom. It’s recommended to get only the first buff; the one that buffs all Bloom-like reactions.
Fourth Ascension Passive
EM raises Skill damage (32% cap) and reduces cooldown (20% cap)
You’ll need 800 EM to max these buffs out to their cap, but you should be building at least 800 EM on Lauma anyways, so this is just free damage and Quality of Life.
Misc. Passive 1
When a party member triggers a Bloom reaction, it will be converted into the Lunar-Bloom reaction, with every point of EM that Lauma has increasing Lunar-Bloom's Base DMG by 0.00175%, up to a maximum of 14%.
This passive is the reason to use Lauma in the first place. Right now, at time of writing, Lunar-Bloom significantly improves pure Bloom teams, like with Nilou, as well as Hyperbloom teams.
Misc. Passive 2
Lauma spots Nod-Krai locations on the map.
A fan favorite passive for those who want to farm quickly and effectively. In a gacha game where half the game is collecting goods for your waifus and the real world believes that time is money… it’s easy to see why these passives are enjoyed.
Lauma
Field Time Inputs
Lauma’s field time should be executed as such:
Generate Bloom reactions before Lauma takes the field if possible; use Burst and switch off for a few seconds if you need to.
Hold Skill when Verdant Dew = 3 (there’s an indicator below your party members on the right-hand side
Burst
Apply Dendro reactions as needed and/or swap.
Genshin Lauma Constellation Analysis
Lauma is a fully functional character at C0. Her C6 is a very strong Constellation, but it mostly makes up for early constellations that offer weaker buffs. C1 is for Quality-of-Life, not damage. C2 is your best for damage before C6. None of these Constellations are must-haves.
Constellation Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
C1.
After Lauma uses her Skill or her Burst, she will gain Threads of Life for 20s.
During this time, when nearby party members trigger Lunar-Bloom reactions, nearby active characters will recover HP equal to 500% of Lauma's Elemental Mastery. This effect can be triggered once every 1.9s.Additionally, the Stamina cost for Lauma's Spirit Envoy Form will be reduced by 40%, and its Max Duration will be extended by 5s.
It helps shield your party from the blowback on Bloom explosions and can replace a second-healer, most of the healers in Bloom apply their element and can build some amount of Elemental Mastery for reactions anyways, so you don’t lose out on a lot by having two healers where you take a lot of recoil damage. C1 also allows for great exploration, but this won’t help you clear Spiral Abyss.
C2.
All nearby party members' Bloom, Hyperbloom, and Burgeon DMG is further increased by 500% of Lauma's Elemental Mastery, and their Lunar-Bloom DMG is further increased by 400% of Lauma's Elemental Mastery.
All nearby party members' Lunar-Bloom DMG is increased by 40%.You can now gain stacks from the Burst by using the Burst, when consuming the stacks, and when her C6 is triggered. One stack can be consumed during all Bloom-like reactions and increase the damage based on Lauma’s EM. If the AoE blast hits multiple enemies, more stacks will be consumed.
Much stronger than the previous one. A proper constellation, but its just more damage. It’s a lot of text (I abridged some of it) to say “Bloom reactions deal more damage.” Being able to regain stacks, however, is a very nice touch.
C3.
Increase Burst talent level by 3.
Talent level Constellations are generally pretty weak unless they’re for Normal Attacks.
C4.
When the AoE effect of her Hold Skill hits opponents, she recovers 4 energy, once every 5 seconds. Additionally, it will deal Dendro damage every 2 seconds.
Lauma has high energy requirements, so this is nice QoL for her. You’re normally not hurting for extra Dendro application if you team build properly, so this is more for ease of play than raw damage. (Author’s Note: I was tempted to rate this red, but I like QoL Constellations.)
C5.
Increases Skill talent level by 3.
You definitely want to buff your reactions, which can be done through your talents, but her damage numbers don’t really matter in terms of multipliers. The reactions themselves matter a lot more.
C6.
When Hold Skill hits using its recurring damage property, you get an extra, weaker, Lunar Bloom hit. It adds two stacks you’d get from your Burst, and consumes none. This can happen up to eight times during a Hold Skill duration. Using Hold Skill again removes the hold stacks gained through this.
Additionally, her Normal Attacks become Lunar Blooms. They consume stacks you’d get from your Burst. All Lunar Blooms are buffed by 25% and this stacks multiplicatively with other stacks. All Bloom-like reactions will consume a stack for enhanced damage.
This is massively condensed from the official description, because it’s basically a dissertation. It is not too far away from doubling her damage. But remember, this is to make up for the previous Constellations that didn’t bring as much extra damage to the table.
Genshin Lauma's Best Weapons
Lauma cares about only two stats the vast majority of the time: Elemental Mastery and Energy Recharge. These are the only stats you should look for on weapons, and weapons that buff reaction damage directly are your targets. She is F2P friendly with great free options available.
Consider: You probably want either your Sands or your Weapon to be Energy Recharge, but the ER weapons provide less for her than the Elemental Mastery weapons.
Weapon Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
Nightweaver’s Looking Glass
265 EM
When the equipping character's Elemental Skill deals Hydro or Dendro DMG Elemental Mastery is increased by 60 for 4.5s. When nearby party members trigger Lunar-Bloom reactions, the equipping character’s Elemental Mastery is increased by 60 for 10s. When both of these are in effect, all nearby party members' Bloom DMG is increased by 120%, their Hyperbloom and Burgeon DMG is increased by 80%, and their Lunar-Bloom DMG is increased by 40%. This effect cannot stack. Triggers off-field.
Best-in-Slot
The natural choice. It’s the only 5-Star weapon that focuses on Bloom reactions, and often the more specific a buff is, the stronger it’s made to compensate. A Thousand Floating Dreams should be the only other 5-Star you consider, due to its versatility. The others in our desired stats don’t contribute towards relevant strategies we’re employing.
Etherlight Spindelute (R5)
45.9% ER
For 20s after using an Elemental Skill, the equipping character's Elemental Mastery is increased by 200.
Free Event Option/Best 4-Star
It gives you both stats Lauma wants… and nothing else! Simple and straightforward, and probably likely to be good on other characters, too.
Blackmarrow Lantern (R5)
221 EM
Bloom DMG is increased by 96%, and Lunar-Bloom DMG is increased by 24%. With two or more Nod-Krai characters on the team, Lunar-Bloom DMG is increased by an additional 24%.
Craftable 4-Star
This weapon feels made for Lauma specifically, and it’s good to see niche archetypes supported. It’s ranked so high, even above gacha 4-stars and Battle Pass options, because no other weapons really contribute towards Lauma’s Bloom focused playstyle.
Fruit of Fulfillment (R5)
45.9% ER
Obtain the "Wax and Wane" effect after an Elemental Reaction is triggered, gaining 36 Elemental Mastery while losing 5% ATK. For every 0.3s, 1 stack of Wax and Wane can be gained. Max 5 stacks. For every 6s that go by without an Elemental Reaction being triggered, 1 stack will be lost. This effect can be triggered even when the character is off-field.
Craftable ER% 4-Star
I would only use this if you just need an ER weapon because your EM Sands has amazing substats that you don’t want to let go of. You can build CRIT Rate on Lauma for Favonius, but it’s generally better focus on a small numbers of stats to focus on rather than large.
Genshin Lauma's Best Artifacts
Sands
– EM or ER% (aim for 200% ER)
Goblet
– EM
Circlet
– EM or CRIT Rate (EM preferred)
Artifact Set Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
4pc Deepwood Memories
2-Pieces: Dendro DMG Bonus +15%.
4-Pieces: After Elemental Skills or Bursts hit opponents, the targets' Dendro RES will be decreased by 30% for 8s. This effect can be triggered even if the equipping character is not on the field.
Best IF You Don’t Have Another Teammate Using It
Every team focused on Dendro reactions needs exactly one character wielding 4pc Deepwood. If a second character does, they will not stack, and the second set will go to waste.
4pc Silken Moon’s Serenade
2-Pieces: Energy Recharge +20%.
4-Pieces: When dealing Elemental DMG, gain the Gleaming Moon: Devotion effect for 8s: Increases all party members' Elemental Mastery by 60/120 when the party's Moonsign is Nascent Gleam/Ascendant Gleam. The equipping character can trigger this effect while off-field. All party members' Lunar Reaction DMG is increased by 10% for each different Gleaming Moon effect that party members have. Effects from Gleaming Moon cannot stack.
Best IF Someone Else is using Deepwood (Preferred)
You generally want the character least responsible for damage to be wielding 4pc Deepwood. This is a great Nod-Krai specific set that is great in teams where it’s hard to control who gets what reaction, which are usually Bloom teams. This is the recommended choice.
4pc Gilded Dreams
2-Pieces: Increases Elemental Mastery by 80.
4-Pieces: Within 8s of triggering an Elemental Reaction, the character equipping this will obtain buffs based on the Elemental Type of the other party members. ATK is increased by 14% for each party member whose Elemental Type is the same as the equipping character, and Elemental Mastery is increased by 50 for every party member with a different Elemental Type. Each of the aforementioned buffs will count up to 3 characters. This effect can be triggered once every 8s. The character who equips this can still trigger its effects when not on the field.
For If You Don’t Want to Farm New Artifacts
You often won’t often get the full EM boost with this set, and you don’t care much for the ATK buffs, but it’s the next best EM set available after the new ones. DO NOT fall into the trap of Flower of Paradise Lost. That artifact set is made for Bloom Reactions, but mathematically, in Lauma’s case specifically, many buffs all come from EM scaling, so EM will be more valuable pound-for-pound than DMG%.
Genshin Lauma's Best Teams
Lauma’s best teams are straightforward: anything that generates Bloom reactions is fair game. While Burgeon teams aren’t popular at the moment, Hyperbloom and pure Bloom both have well-established line-ups and use most of the same characters. The only real deciding factor will be on what teammates you have.
Run a pure Bloom team if you have Nilou.Run a Hyperbloom team if you have Kuki Shinobu or Raiden ShogunIf you have Neuvillette and Furina, you can use Lauma here for bonus reactions.
Guide Character
Nilou/Electro/Neuvillette
Hydro
Flex
Specific Teammate Choices
Teammate Choices
Character Name
Notes
Character Name
Notes
Neuvillette
Hydro On-Field DPS
The most powerful on-field Hydro DPS at time of writing.
Self-drain/heal
Turn mouse sensitivity up and spin to win
Long rotations
Furina
On-Field DPS
The Hydro Archon demands a dedicated healer
Massive universal damage-buffer for team
Impressive damage on top of her support capabilities
Xingqiu
Off-Field Hydro DPS
Consistent Hydro application to ensure reactions.
Interruption resistance
Minor healing
Excellent single-target damage output.
Paired with Yelan, can often carry a team by themselves.
Raiden Shogun
Hyperbloom Trigger
Consistent Electro application
Can generate energy with her Burst
Strong Hyperbloom trigger
Nahida
Off-Field Dendro Support
Best Dendro Application in the game
Long-lasting Skill duration (25s)
Buffs the team’s Elemental Mastery
Impressive damage on top of her support capabilities.
Baizhu
Support / Healer
Decent Dendro application on Burst
Generates a Dendro shield on Burst
Consolidates multiple roles
Healing on both Skill and Burst
Nilou
Bloom Staple
The main reason to run a pure Bloom team
Requires ONLY Hydro and Dendro characters
Prefers at least one healer, sometimes two, due to Bloom recoil damage
Enables an archetype by herself.
Kuki Shinobu
Off-Field Electro Healer/Hyperbloom Trigger
Most easily accessible Hyperbloom Trigger
Enables one of the strongest teams in the game.
Offers healing over time with her Skill.
Slow, consistent Electro application (melee range).
Doesn’t need to Burst.
Minimal field time needed
Up Next:
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Previous
Hypostatic Symphony: Dissonant Verse
Next
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Top Guide Sections
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna IV Release Time and Details
Genshin Impact Luna III Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna II Release Date and Details
Was this guide helpful?
Leave feedback
In This Guide
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Initial Release:
Sep 27, 2020
+2
Learn more
Go to comments