Updated for Version
4.3
Sucrose is a 4-star Anemo Catalyst character who provides grouping, Anemo application, and Elemental Mastery (EM) buffs. Learn about Sucrose’s best builds, best weapons, best artifacts, and best teams in this quick guide.
Note that the information given may change if new discoveries are made.
More extensive testing is in progress.
The full-length guide is available
here
.
Table of Contents
New Content
Infographic
Character Overview
Playstyles
Talents
Constellations
Combos
Artifacts
ER Requirements
Artifact Stats
Artifact Sets
Weapons
EM Catalysts
Utility Catalysts
Teams
Teambuilding
Aggravate
Hyperbloom
Electro-Charged
Vaporize
Credits
New Content
Fontaine
DPS Units
Freminet
,
Furina
,
Lyney
,
Neuvillette
,
Wriothesley
Sucrose can Swirl these characters’ respective Elements to shred enemy Elemental RES via 4pc Viridescent Venerer. Her EM buffs are mostly unappreciated in these characters’ teams, however.
Fontaine Catalysts
Sacrificial Jade, Flowing Purity, Ballad of the Boundless Blue, Tome of the Eternal Flow, Cashflow Supervision
Sucrose should not use any of these Catalysts. They do not offer her any EM stats or relevant passive effects.
Infographic
Credits to: angtahimik, cegewinne, baloopy, and KQM Staff
Character Overview
Playstyles
On-Field Driver
As an on-field driver, Sucrose uses Normal and Charged Attacks to apply Anemo to enemies and proc effects that trigger with Normal Attacks, e.g., Xingqiu or Beidou’s Burst effects. This allows her to trigger many instances of Swirl, which in turn can cause chain reactions like Electro-Charged and Hyperbloom. These reactions all benefit from Sucrose’s high EM.
Off-Field Support
As an off-field support, Sucrose swaps in to use her Skill and/or Burst before yielding field time to another character on your team. Her role is to provide grouping and EM buffs, as well as Shred enemy Elemental RES with the Viridescent Venerer 4-piece effect.
Talents
Level and Talent Priority
Talent Priority
Level 90 >> Burst > Skill > Normal Attack
In both playstyles, Sucrose does most of her damage through Transformative Reactions. These scale only with Sucrose’s character level and EM. Therefore, her Talent levels are unimportant. Players should prioritize raising Sucrose to Level 90.
If you do want to increase damage from her Talents, the suggested order assumes you use her Burst every rotation.
Talent Overview
Normal Attack
Elemental Skill
Elemental Burst
Ascension 1 Passive
Ascension 4 Passive
Normal Attack
Normal Attack
|
Wind Spirit Creation
Talent Description
Normal Attack
Performs up to 4 attacks using Wind Spirits, dealing Anemo DMG.
Charged Attack
Consumes a certain amount of Stamina and deals AoE Anemo DMG after a short casting time.
Plunging Attack
Calling upon the power of her Wind Spirits, Sucrose plunges towards the ground from mid-air, damaging all opponents in her path. Deals AoE Anemo DMG upon impact with the ground.
Sucrose’s Normal Attack is a 4-hit combo with relatively low base damage. Her Charged Attack, however, is fairly strong with decent range and knockback.
Note that Normal and Charged Attacks have separate Internal Cooldowns (ICD), meaning that using a mix of NAs and CAs while on-field can allow her to trigger more reactions.
Elemental Skill
Elemental Skill |
Astable Anemohypostasis Creation — 6308
Talent Description
Creates a small Wind Spirit that pulls opponents and objects towards its location, launches opponents within its AoE, and deals Anemo DMG.
Sucrose creates a small field in front of her that deals Anemo damage and briefly pulls enemies together within the AoE. This can also stagger certain enemies. Each cast of Sucrose’s Skill applies Anemo.
Elemental Burst
Elemental Burst |
Forbidden Creation — Isomer 75 / Type II
Talent Description
Sucrose hurls an unstable concoction that creates a Large Wind Spirit.
While it persists, the Large Wind Spirit will continuously pull in surrounding opponents and objects, launch nearby opponents, and deal Anemo DMG.
Elemental Absorption
If the Wind Spirit comes into contact with Hydro/Pyro/Cryo/Electro energy, it will deal additional Elemental DMG of that type.
Elemental Absorption may only occur once per use.
Sucrose tosses a projectile that summons a large Wind Spirit (Crystalfly). The Wind Spirit pulses at intervals, deals Anemo damage in a large AoE, and pulls enemies towards its center.
Upon contact with a Hydro, Pyro, Cryo, or Electro aura, the Wind Spirit can absorb that Element and deal additional damage of that Element with each pulse. The Wind Spirit can only absorb one Element per cast and Absorption tends to be inconsistent.
Ascension 1 Passive
Ascension 1 Passive |
Catalyst Conversion
Talent Description
When Sucrose triggers a Swirl effect, all characters in the party with the matching element (excluding Sucrose) have their Elemental Mastery increased by 50 for 8s.
When Sucrose Swirls an Element on an enemy, all teammates of the same Element gain 50 EM for 8s. Sucrose does not need to be on-field for this passive to take effect, and the Swirl can be triggered by any aspect of her kit. Buffs for multiple Elements can co-exist.
Ascension 4 Passive
Ascension 4 Passive |
Mollis Favonius
Talent Description
When Astable Anemohypostasis Creation – 6308 or Forbidden Creation – Isomer 75 / Type II hits an opponent, increases all party members’ (excluding Sucrose) Elemental Mastery based on 20% of Sucrose’s Elemental Mastery for 8s.
When Sucrose hits an enemy with her Skill or Burst, she grants 20% of her own EM to all teammates (excluding herself) for 8s.
Constellations
Constellation 1
Constellation 2
Constellation 3
Constellation 4
Constellation 5
Constellation 6
Constellation 1
Constellation 1 |
Clustered Vacuum Field
Astable Anemohypostasis Creation – 6308 gains 1 additional charge.
Sucrose’s first Constellations grants her Elemental Skill an additional charge (for a total of two charges). Her Skill always applies Anemo on-hit, so this can result in an additional Swirl; it also means another instance of particle generation.
This is Sucrose’s best Constellation.
Constellation 2
Constellation 2 |
Beth: Unbound Form
The duration of Forbidden Creation – Isomer 75 / Type II is increased by 2s.
Sucrose’s C2 increases her Burst duration by 2s. This translates to one more pulse of her Wind Spirit.
Constellation 3
Constellation 3 |
Flawless Alchemistress
Increases the Level of Astable Anemohypostasis Creation – 6308 by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Adds 3 Talent levels to Sucrose’s Skill
.
Constellation 4
Constellation
4 |
Alchemania
Every 7 Normal and Charged Attacks, Sucrose will reduce the CD of Astable Anemohypostasis Creation – 6308 by 1-7s.
Sucrose’s C4 enables every 7th Normal or Charged Attack to decrease her Skill cooldown by 1–7s.
This only benefits on-field Sucrose and lets her use her Skill more frequently.
Constellation 5
Constellation
5 |
Caution: Standard Flask
Increases the Level of Forbidden Creation – Isomer 75 / Type II by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Adds 3 Talent levels to Sucrose’s Burst.
Constellation 6
Constellation 6 |
Chaotic Entropy
If Forbidden Creation – Isomer 75 / Type II triggers an Elemental Absorption, all party members gain a 20% Elemental DMG Bonus for the corresponding absorbed element during its duration.
With Sucrose’s C6 unlocked, if her Burst absorbs an Element, then teammates of the same Element receive a 20% Elemental DMG buff.
It is difficult to consistently absorb the desired Element, so this effect should not be relied on in typical gameplay. Read the
Sucrose Extended Guide
for more details on her Burst absorption.
Combos
N = Normal Attack
C = Charged Attack
E = Elemental Skill
Q = Elemental Burst
W = walk (cancel)
( ) = these actions are optional; please refer to the notes below
On-Field Driver Combos
N / C / E spam
Use Case: Flexible On-Field Combo
As an on-field driver, Sucrose can just spam Normal and Charged Attacks in any way that feels comfortable. Interspersed with her Skill, this should allow for plenty of Swirls.
N4
Use Case: Triggering Effects with Normal Attacks
If there are teammates whose Talent effects proc with Normal Attacks (e.g., Xingqiu, Beidou, C6 Fischl), then it is perfectly fine to simply spam Normal Attacks.
N2W
Use Case: Driving Beidou Burst or Maximizing C4
Sucrose’s optimal attack string for driving Beidou’s Burst is N2 walk cancel. It can consistently yield up to 12 procs of Beidou’s Burst. This string is also the fastest way to proc Sucrose’s Constellation 4 effect.
Off-Field Combos
E(Q)
Use Case: Default Support Combo
This is Sucrose’s combo when used as an off-field support. She casts her Skill, then Burst to funnel particles to herself.
Some teams may wish not to use her Burst to avoid unwanted Elemental application.
Additional Skill casts are optional if she has C1 or Sacrificial Fragments.
(Q) E
Use Case: Funneling Particles
Sucrose’s Skill can be used to funnel Anemo Particles to the next teammate. This is commonly used to battery
Xi
a
o
.
If a team uses her Burst in the rotation, Sucrose’s Skill is used after her Burst to allow funneling.
As above, some teams may not want her to Burst at all.
Artifacts
ER Requirements
On-Field Driver
~120-140%
Off-Field Support
~160-180%
These ER requirements assume Sucrose is the only Anemo character in the team.
As an on-field driver, Sucrose can generate more Energy for herself, which lowers her ER requirement.
As an off-field support, Sucrose needs more ER to use her Burst every rotation.
Note that some teams may not wish to use Sucrose’s Burst at all, in which case ER can be ignored.
Teammate Favonius procs reduce ER requirements by ~10%.
Use the
Energy Recharge Calculator
to determine exact requirements for your team and rotation.
Artifact Stats
Sands
Goblet
Circlet
EM
EM
EM
Stat Priority:
ER (until requirement) > EM
If Sucrose uses her Burst every rotation, then prioritize her ER requirements before EM. Otherwise, just max out her EM stat.
Artifact Sets
4pc Viridescent Venerer (VV)
Sucrose should always hold 4pc Viridescent Venerer to bolster her own damage and shred enemy Elemental RES. No other artifact set comes close to its damage and utility.
Weapons
EM Catalysts
These weapons possess an EM secondary stat, which increases Sucrose’s Swirl damage and EM share. Sacrificial Fragments and Wandering Evenstar also offer team utility.
Sacrificial Fragments
Best for on-field driver Sucrose.
Sacrificial Fragments provides high EM and another Skill charge. This results in more Anemo application, grouping, and particle generation, which lowers Sucrose’s ER requirements.
A Thousand Floating Dreams
A Thousand Floating Dreams possesses the highest EM secondary stat among Catalysts, and its passive further increases Sucrose’s EM stat.
It performs similarly with Sacrificial Fragments for on-field Sucrose, but lacks the utility offered by an additional Skill use.
Wandering Evenstar
Wandering Evenstar provides an ATK% buff to the entire team and doesn’t require strict rotations (in comparison to Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers). Its EM secondary stat is also appreciated.
In general, Wandering Evenstar performs on par with Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers if Sucrose’s entire team scales with ATK.
Magic Guide
Magic Guide possesses the third-highest EM secondary stat among Catalysts. If no other options are available, it is still perfectly viable in either playstyle.
Utility Catalysts
These weapons focus on team utility instead of EM. They can be the best option in some teams despite not having an EM secondary stat.
Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers (TTDS)
R5 TTDS is one of Sucrose’s best options for buffing an ATK-scaling DPS teammate.
TTDS does require careful rotation planning since its buff only applies to the character who swaps in immediately after Sucrose.
Hakushin Ring
R5 Hakushin Ring is a competitive option in teams with Electro characters, especially Aggravate. Its ER secondary stat helps to reach Sucrose’s ER requirement.
Sucrose must be on-field to trigger the passive effect, which grants a teamwide DMG Bonus: Electro DMG% by default, Hydro DMG% with Electro-Charged Swirls, and Dendro DMG% with an Aggravated Swirl. Elements involved in chain reactions can also trigger the passive (such as Pyro in Overvape teams).
Favonius Codex
Favonius Codex can help alleviate ER requirements (for Sucrose and her teammates). Some CRIT Rate substats are necessary to reliably trigger the passive, but you should still use an EM Circlet.
Prototype Amber
R5 Prototype Amber can be used if you struggle to survive in a team without a healer. It lowers Sucrose’s ER requirements and grants a small amount of teamwide healing, but it overall hinders her ability to buff the team.
Teams
This is not a comprehensive list of teams. The inclusion or exclusion of any given team does not necessarily reflect its power level.
Teambuilding
On-Field Driver
: Sucrose can serve as an on-field driver in any of the examined archetypes, provided all of her teammates are off-field units.
Off-Field Support
: Sucrose is an off-field support in teams with a dedicated on-field damage dealer (usually Aggravate or Vaporize).
Other Teams
: Some team options are not mentioned here for a variety of reasons.
Overvape (Soup)
: Teams like Sukokomon are better explained in the
Xiangling Extended Guide
.
Xiao
: For Xiao teams with Sucrose as a battery, please refer to the
Xiao Extended Guide
.
Freeze
: Sucrose’s EM share does not benefit Freeze teams, but her ability to hold Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers makes her a viable option if you lack other Anemo characters like Kazuha, Venti, or Heizou.
Reverse Melt
: Sucrose is not recommended in Reverse Melt teams for primarily two reasons: it is often difficult or impossible to trigger Cryo Swirls in subsequent rotations, and Sucrose usually takes the place of a Pyro or Cryo character who better serves the team.
Aggravate
Sucrose — Dendro — Electro — Electro
Sucrose is an excellent choice in Aggravate teams thanks to her EM share, 4pc Viridescent Venerer RES Shred, and her ability to hold Catalysts like Hakushin Ring or Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers. She serves as either an on-field driver or an off-field support depending on her teammates.
Example Teams
This is not a comprehensive list of teams. The inclusion or exclusion of any given team does not necessarily reflect its power level.
Sucrose — Baizhu — Raiden — Fischl
This is a comfortable on-field Raiden Aggravate team. Yaoyao can also work in place of Baizhu.
Sample Rotation
Raiden E > Fischl E/Q > Sucrose EQ > Baizhu EQ > Raiden Q
combo
> Sucrose N2 E
This rotation assumes Baizhu holds Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers.
Sucrose — Nahida — Shinobu — Fischl
This Aggravate team has an extremely flexible rotation. Nahida provides Dendro application, Shinobu provides healing, and Fischl provides strong off-field damage. You can use Shinobu’s Burst to let Sucrose more easily trigger Electro Swirls through Nahida’s strong Dendro application.
Initial Setup
Sucrose Q > Shinobu E > Sucrose E > Fischl Q > Nahida E Q
This team has a generally flexible rotation thereafter. Maintain Oz uptime by alternating use of Fischl’s Skill and Burst. Use Skills and Bursts when available. Sucrose and Nahida tend to split field time.
Sucrose — Yaoyao — Yae Miko— Fischl
Sucrose serves as the on-field driver in this Aggravate team with a 15s rotation. Yaoyao provides AoE Dendro application and healing, while Yae and Fischl deal damage from off-field.
Sample Rotation
Yae 3[E] > Yaoyao E > Sucrose N1 E(Q) > Fischl E/Q > Sucrose E 3[N4] > Yae Q
Sucrose, Yae, and Fischl use their Bursts every other rotation (or when available). Yaoyao does not need to use her Burst unless you need additional healing.
Hyperbloom
Sucrose — Dendro — Hydro — Electro
Sucrose is a potent on-field driver in Hyperbloom teams. She can use Electro Swirls to trigger Hyperbloom, which scales with character level and EM (two things that Sucrose already prioritizes). She also deals noticeable Aggravate damage via her Aggravated Electro Swirls. Some teams may be considered “Quickbloom” since they have increased Quicken uptime and lower Dendro Core production.
In Hyperbloom teams, all of Sucrose’s teammates are off-field Elemental appliers.
Example Teams
Sucrose — Nahida — Kokomi — Fischl
This Hyperbloom team has excellent AoE Dendro and Hydro application which enables high Dendro Core production. Fischl can sometimes steal Hyperblooms from Sucrose, but she is by far the best off-field Electro option in these teams.
Sample Rotation
This team has a fairly flexible rotation. Kokomi needs to refresh her jellyfish with her Burst to maintain constant off-field Hydro application. Fischl should maintain uptime on Oz by alternating use of her Skill and Burst.
Sucrose — Baizhu — Furina — Fischl
This is one of many possible Quickbloom teams. While Furina’s DMG% buff does not affect Hyperbloom, it still benefits herself and Fischl for increased team damage. Baizhu’s healing is necessary to counteract Furina’s teamwide HP drain.
Sample Rotation
Fischl Q > Furina ED Q > Baizhu EQ > Sucrose N1 EQ N4-combos > Fischl E > Sucrose E N4-combos
Sucrose — Dendro Traveler — Xingqiu — Beidou
Beidou’s Burst never targets Dendro Cores, so she never steals Hyperblooms from Sucrose. Xingqiu and Beidou’s combined defensive utility is typically enough to survive most content (if you can also dodge occasionally).
Dendro Traveler and Xingqiu ideally both hold Favonius Sword to lower the team’s ER requirements. Beidou may hold Favonius Greatsword as well.
Sample Rotation
Xingqiu ED Q N1 > Traveler EQD N1 > Beidou EQ > Sucrose EQ N2W-combos
Sucrose’s ideal Beidou-driving combo is N2W, but N4 is also fine.
Electro-Charged
Sucrose — Hydro — Electro — Flex
Electro-Charged (sometimes referred to as “Taser”) is a standard on-field driver archetype for Sucrose. The flex slot is usually a second Electro character, but other options exist like Pyro, Geo, or another Hydro.
Sucrose can maximize her Electro-Charged reaction ownership on teams with units that have single-target Elemental application. Fischl is the most recommended Electro unit in this team composition due to her A4 Passive (and C6).
Example Teams
Sucrose — Xingqiu — Fischl — Beidou
This is the prototypical Sucrose Electro-Charged team. Xingqiu and Beidou’s combined defensive utility is enough to survive most content.
Sample Rotation
Fischl E > Xingqiu ED Q N1 > Sucrose N1 E(Q) > Fischl Q > Beidou EQ > Sucrose N2W-combos > Beidou E
There are many possible variations of this team’s rotation. This one maximizes Sucrose’s field-time driving Beidou’s Burst. Sucrose can typically get in 10–12 N2W combos per rotation.
Sucrose — Kokomi — Fischl — Yae Miko
This Electro-Charged team operates like a quickswap team until Kokomi uses her Burst, which she needs to use every rotation to refresh her jellyfish. Yae Miko ideally uses her Burst every rotation, but the first 3 Skill uses can be skipped if her Burst is not ready.
Sample Rotation
Fischl Q > Yae 3[E] > Kokomi E > Sucrose N1 E > Yae Q 3[E] > Kokomi N3 > Fischl E > Sucrose N1 EQ > Kokomi Q 3[N3D] > Sucrose N2
Sucrose — Yelan — Fischl — Xingqiu
This is a Double Hydro Electro-Charged team with strong single-target damage. This team lacks defensive utility outside of what Xingqiu can offer, so careful positioning, dodging, and i-framing is necessary to survive.
Sample Rotation
Fischl Q > Xingqiu ED Q N1 > Yelan E N1 Q N1 > Sucrose N1 EQ > Fischl E N1 > Sucrose combo > Yelan E N1 > Sucrose combo
Yelan can use her Skill twice per rotation here.
Vaporize
Pyro — Hydro — Sucrose — Pyro
Pyro Vaporize DPS units value Sucrose’s EM share, 4pc Viridescent Venerer RES Shred, and potential weapon buffs (like Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers). Bennett is typically the best Pyro support in Sucrose’s Vaporize teams thanks to his Flat ATK buff, strong Pyro application, and healing.
Some teams have specific setups to consistently enable Pyro Swirls or Double Swirls.
Example Teams
Xiangling — Xingqiu — Sucrose — Bennett
This is an all 4-star Vaporize team (which some people refer to as “Sucrose National”). Xingqiu applies Hydro via his Burst to enable Xiangling’s Burst to consistently Vaporize. Bennett’s Burst provides a Flat ATK buff and healing within its AoE, and his Skill generates Pyro Particles which are funneled to Xiangling to lower her ER requirements.
Sample Rotation
Bennett EQ > Sucrose EQ > Xiangling Q E > Xingqiu ED Q (E) > Sucrose combo
This is an effective but simple rotation. There are more complicated ones which operate more like a quickswap team throughout the rotation to deal more DPS and lower ER requirements.
Xiangling — Tartaglia — Sucrose — Bennett
This team has Tartaglia on-field applying Hydro to enable Xiangling to consistently Vape with her Burst. Using Sucrose’s Burst is optional in this team. However, if you choose to do so, dashing through her Burst while having Bennett’s Pyro application ensures her Burst absorbs Pyro.
Sample Rotation
Tartaglia E > Bennett Q > Xiangling E > Sucrose E (D) N1 (QD) > Xiangling Q > Tartaglia rQ E N2C-combo
The N2C combo lasts for 9s, leading to a 15s cooldown, during which characters funnel particles to gain back their Burst.
Downtime Rotation
Bennett E > Xiangling E > Tartaglia C > Bennett E funnel > Xiangling >
Tartaglia C
Use Tartaglia’s Charged Shot between Bennett and Xiangling’s funneling to generate more particles.
Hu Tao — Xingqiu C6 — Sucrose — Thoma
A standard Hu Tao “VV Vape” team. Thoma shields and applies Pyro for Sucrose to Swirl; however, C6 Xingqiu is necessary to prevent Thoma’s Burst procs from stealing Vapes from Hu Tao.
Sample Rotation
Xingqiu ED Q N1 > Thoma EQ > Sucrose E > Hu Tao E
combo
(Q)
This rotation assumes Sucrose is holding Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers. Sucrose should not use her Burst.
Diluc — Yelan — Sucrose — Bennett
One of Diluc’s strongest Vaporize teams. Yelan provides off-field Hydro application and a ramping DMG% buff to the on-field character.
Sample Rotation
Yelan EQ > Bennett EQ > Sucrose E N2 E N1 > Diluc Q 2[N2 E] E N4
This rotation assumes Bennett does not have C6 and that Sucrose is C1+ with Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers.
Credits
irokei, itslin, polomo, au_rio, fluffy milk bun
Nociii#0111, EggsD#9603, Faranight#0001, Sir_pick_the_prick#2209, Reimu#1626, juko#9385, mina#4448, Rare Possum#0511, Terrapin#8603, Hatsuharufan#4291, Rathalos#2875
Team images made with the
KQM portrait generator
.