Genshin Impact: Cyno Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
By
Christina Roffe
Published
Jan 16, 2023, 9:15 AM EST
Christina Roffe is a Guides Specialist from the United States. She has experience writing on games ranging from Nintendo titles to PlayStation titles. She is especially knowledgeable in anything Nintendo and Genshin Impact. Building new characters in Genshin Impact is one of her favorite things to do.
Sign in to your
DualShockers
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Cyno's Best Builds & Artifact Sets
Cyno's Best 5-Star, 4-Star, & 3-Star Weapons
Cyno's Best Team Compositions
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
From the Great Red Sand region of Sumeru, Cyno is the General Mahamatra in charge of the researchers at the Akademiya in
Genshin Impact
. As he must uphold the strict rules of the Akademiya, many people choose to shy away from him.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Xiangling Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Cyno is a
5-Star Electro character
, wielding a Polearm weapon. With his talents, he can be an
outstanding Main DPS
for your team. In order to develop his unique abilities, here are some of the best builds for him.
Cyno's Best Builds & Artifact Sets
As a Main DPS, Cyno will benefit the most from artifact sets that
increase his CRIT stats, as well as ATK and Elemental Mastery due to a few Passive Talents he obtains.
He is one of the easier Main DPS characters to build, as he gains damage from many different stats, so you don't have to rely only on CRIT stats. Here are some of the best artifact sets for him.
4-Set Of Gilded Dreams & 4-Set Of Gladiator's Finale
Cyno works really well with two different artifact sets:
Gilded Dreams and Gladiator's Finale.
We suggest
choosing Gladiator's Finale if you already have a lot of pieces available for it,
otherwise go with Gilded Dreams.
A 2-Set of Gilded Dreams will give Cyno a boost of 80 to Elemental Mastery. A 4-Set will give Cyno a buff based on the Elemental Type of the other party members within 8 seconds of triggering an Elemental Reaction. ATK is increased by 14 percent for each member whose Elemental Type is the same as Cyno, and Elemental Mastery is increased by 50 for every member with a different Elemental Type. Each of the buffs will count up to three characters. This effect can only be triggered once every 8 seconds. If you want to
focus on increasing Cyno's Elemental Mastery more, this set is the best choice.
A 2-Set of Gladiator's Finale will give Cyno a boost of 18 percent to ATK. A 4-Set will increase his Normal Attack DMG by 35 percent. Choose this set if you decide to
build more on Elemental Mastery with your Main Stats and Substats on each individual artifact piece.
With that said, here are the stats you should consider for each artifact.
Type of Artifact
Main Stat
Substats
Sands of Eon
ATK% or Elemental Mastery
Energy Recharge, CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, Elemental Mastery, ATK%
Goblet of Eonothem
Electro DMG Bonus
Energy Recharge, CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, Elemental Mastery, ATK%
Circlet of Logos
CRIT Rate or CRIT DMG
Energy Recharge, CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, Elemental Mastery, ATK%
Most of Cyno's damage
comes from his Elemental Burst,
so you will want to make sure to build up your
Energy Recharge
to use this attack frequently.
Elemental Mastery
is necessary as Cyno has a
Passive Talent that will increase the damage from his Elemental Burst based on the amount of Elemental Mastery he has.
The same thing goes for
ATK
, which will
increase the damage from his Elemental Skill.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Tighnari Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Cyno's Best 5-Star, 4-Star, & 3-Star Weapons
As noted earlier, Cyno has a lot of options on stats that you can build on to increase his damage. Because of this, there are
quite a few weapon options that can effectively enhance his abilities, including 3-Star weapons.
Here are some of the most optimal choices for him, although there are many others that you can choose from as well.
5-Star Weapons: Staff Of The Scarlet Sands & Primordial Jade Winged-Spear
Staff of the Scarlet Sands is Cyno's signature weapon, and fits perfectly with his talents. It will give Cyno a base increase of 9.6 percent to his CRIT Rate. Its Bonus Skill will allow Cyno to gain 52 percent of his Elemental Mastery as bonus ATK. When an Elemental Skill hits opponents, the Dream of the Scarlet Sands effect will be gained for 10 seconds: Cyno will gain 28 percent of his Elemental Mastery as bonus ATK, with a maximum of 3 stacks.
Staff of the Scarlet Sands covers every area that will increase Cyno's damage, including CRIT stats, Elemental Mastery, and ATK.
Primordial Jade Winged-Spear will give Cyno a base increase of 4.8 percent to his CRIT Rate. Its Bonus Skill will increase ATK by 3.2 percent for 6 seconds on hit. This has a maximum of 7 stacks, and can only occur once every 0.3 seconds. While in possession of the maximum amount of stacks, DMG dealt will increase by 12 percent. This weapon is a
solid alternative to Staff of the Scarlet Sands and is more easily obtainable.
4-Star & 3-Star Weapons: Deathmatch & White Tassel
Deathmatch will give Cyno a base increase of 8 percent to his CRIT Rate. Its Bonus Skill will increase ATK by 16 percent and DEF by 16 percent if there are at least 2 opponents nearby. If there are less than 2 opponents, ATK will increase by 24 percent. When choosing this weapon, make sure to
build up Cyno's Elemental Mastery as much as possible in his artifact build.
Deathmatch will provide all the other stats you will need,
with a boost to ATK and CRIT Rate.
White Tassel will give Cyno a base increase of 5.1 percent to his CRIT Rate. Its Bonus Skill will increase Normal Attack DMG by 24 percent.
White Tassel is a great Free-to-Play choice, and will be easy to obtain and refine as a 3-Star weapon.
It will increase Cyno's
CRIT Rate
significantly to make sure he is creating CRIT hits as frequently as possible.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact Nahida Best Build & Ascension Materials
Cyno's Best Team Compositions
Cyno pairs well with teams that
include Dendro characters
, as he can
create the Hyperbloom and Catalyze Reactions with them.
Having a good team of Sub-DPS characters around Cyno will be incredibly beneficial for his damage, as he relies heavily on his
Elemental Burst.
Here are some of his best teams.
5-Star Team
This team will focus on
creating the Hyperbloom Reaction
, as
Nahida
can keep the Dendro Element applied to enemies with the wide area of effect from her Elemental Burst.
Raiden Shogun
will
provide
additional Electro DMG alongside Cyno, and Zhongli will protect the team.
Character
Character Type and Benefits
Raiden Shogun
Sub-DPS, Can provide strong Electro DMG from Elemental Burst and create Electro Resonance.
Nahida
Sub-DPS, Can provide constant Dendro application with wide Area of Effect from Elemental Burst to create Hyperbloom Reaction.
Zhongli
Support, Can provide strong shields to protect characters on the field.
4-Star Team
This team will be able to create a few different Elemental Reactions, with
Catalyze and
Hyperbloom
being available with
Collei
, and
Electro-Charged with Xingqiu.
Dori
will provide
additional Electro DMG and heal the team.
Character
Character Type and Benefits
Collei
Sub-DPS, Can provide consistent Dendro DMG and application with Elemental Burst.
Dori
Support and Healer, Can provide consistent healing and Electro DMG.
Xingqiu
Sub-DPS, Can provide constant Hydro DMG and application off-field from Elemental Burst.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: Dori Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Video Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Whose Section Did You Enjoy Playing The Most In Resident Evil Requiem?
Grace
Grace
54.5%
Leon
Leon
45.5%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
10 Nintendo Series Pikmin Had Cameos in Before The Super Mario Galaxy Movie
Amazon Luna's Changes has Players Panicking, But They Don't Need To
RuneScape's Latest Update Meant There Were Too Many Runes