Everything You Need To Know About Playing As Kujou Sara In Genshin Impact
By
Kyle Gorges
Published
Mar 26, 2022, 9:15 AM EDT
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Don’t Dismiss Kujou Sara's Charged Attack
Open With Kujou Sara's Skill, Then Burst
Have Enough Energy Recharge
Pair Kujou Sara With Other Electro Characters
Kujou Sara Excels In Co-op
Use Kujou Sara's Skill To Dodge, But Be Careful
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Daughter of the Tenryou Commission’s Kujou Clan, and a fierce tengu warrior,
Kujou Sara
has carved out a niche for herself as an
Electro Bow
support character in
Genshin Impact
. She's a
four-star character
, meaning players who have been around for a while have likely acquired at least one copy of this avian ally.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Ascension And Talent Material For Kujou Sara
In combat, Kujou Sara utilizes a supportive playstyle that is perhaps more demanding than most.
Solid aiming and well-timed rotations are essential to getting the most out of her abilities
, but once mastered, she becomes a solid buffer for your team and a formidable source of damage in her own right. Here are a few tips to get you acquainted with Kujou Sara on your path victory.
Don’t Dismiss Kujou Sara's Charged Attack
Kujou Sara’s
Second Constellation
is often considered necessary to her being effective. It allows her Skill to generate a
Crowfeather
at the destination of her teleport; this means you don’t need to fire a Charged Attack in order to pass her ATK buff on to another character (or herself).
While this is no doubt convenient and speeds up her rotation, failing to perform a Charged Attack after her Skill sacrifices a decent amount of Kujou Sara’s damage, and also gives up her primary source of Electro Particle generation. Therefore,
even when you have Kujou Sara’s C2, you should try to fire off her Charged Attack
—you can even use the C2-created Crowfeather to buff its power!
Open With Kujou Sara's Skill, Then Burst
Both Kujou Sara’s Skill and Burst grant ATK buffs to the character hit by them, including Sara herself. Using only one of these is all that’s necessary if you just want to enhance your team’s DPS character, but Sara can actually gain a lot of benefit from buffing herself as part of her time on the field.
Once you swap in Kujou Sara, use her Skill immediately and then fire a Charged Shot at an enemy or at your feet
. Once the Crowfeather explodes, her ATK will be boosted for six seconds.
Use this opportunity to unleash a supercharged Burst, then switch to your team’s main carry
so that they can receive the ATK buff from Kujou Sara's Burst lightning strikes.
Have Enough Energy Recharge
Similarly to Genshin Impact’s other support characters, such as
Xingqiu
or
Bennett
, Kujou Sara benefits from a significant amount of Energy Recharge in her stat distribution. While the exact amount of Energy Recharge she needs varies greatly based on team composition,
anywhere around 200 percent is likely optimal
.
The goal is to supply her with enough Energy Recharge so that she can use her Burst
every time she is on the field
. Weapons with an Energy Recharge secondary stat, such as the
Sacrificial Bow
, can help with this requirement, along with Artifact sets such as the
Emblem of Severed Fate
.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best Builds For Kujou Sara
Pair Kujou Sara With Other Electro Characters
Deploying Kujou Sara in a team with other Electro characters
is another way to alleviate the issue of her high-cost Burst since she’ll gain more Electro Particles.
Raiden Shogun
is a great teammate who can directly charge Kujou Sara’s Burst with her own, and
Fischl
is another classic Electro support who functions well as a battery.
If you’re able to acquire Kujou Sara’s
C6
, her Electro-based teams will shine even more. This Constellation gives
60 percent extra Crit DMG to anyone buffed by Kujou Sara’s abilities
, making a mono-Electro team with Kujou Sara extremely strong. She can maintain extremely high uptime on this buff via her Skill and Burst, effectively making this impressive stat increase permanent for Electro teams.
Kujou Sara Excels In Co-op
Although Genshin Impact is primarily a single-player experience, sometimes you just want to grab a few friends and take on a few Domains together. Kujou Sara is an excellent pick for these cooperative scenarios.
Since she can generate a Crowfeather wherever she aims after using her Skill,
Kujou Sara can easily and frequently buff your allies from a safe distance
. Moreover, the multiple strikes of
Tengu Juurai: Stormcluster
are most effective against large enemies such as Azhdaha, which are usually prime targets for a band of co-op players.
Use Kujou Sara's Skill To Dodge, But Be Careful
As an archer, you’ll generally want to keep enemies as far away from Kujou Sara as possible. Unless your team has a shielder, a rampaging Lawachurl can make it very difficult for Kujou Sara to set up her Charged Attack and subsequent Crowfeather.
The short teleport on Kujou Sara’s Skill can be helpful in instances like this
. It moves you backwards and
can even be used to dodge attacks
, but do note that you are NOT invincible for its duration. Despite blinking out of existence, a perceptive foe can still knock you out of the animation if you don’t escape their attack’s hitbox.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact Complete Guide And Walkthrough
Gaming Guides
Live-Service Games
Triple-A Games
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
26.3%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
19.8%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.1%
007 First Light
007 First Light
9.1%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.6%
Other
Other
21.1%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Lego's Massive LOTR Minas Tirith Will Reportedly Come With A Grond Bonus Set
Mass Effect 5 Project Director Says Team Hasn't Shown Off The Game Because They're Busy
The Avatar: The Last Airbender Movie Leaker Has Been Arrested