Genshin Impact: Kujou Sara Guide (Weapons, Artifacts, Talents)
Details
by
Rigel
on May 26, 2022
Genshin Impact
Preview
Sara is an Electro 4-star bow character that was released concurrently with Raiden Shogun. Following the trend of Gorou/Itto and Thoma/Hu Tao, she is an amazing support for Raiden
.
She has a
Support
role and her power scales greatly with her number of constellations. The materials she requires are below:
The
Ashen Heart
is earned through defeating the weekly boss
Azhdaha
, giving 1 or 2 each time at higher levels, while the
Storm Beads
required for levelling are obtained from the
Thunder Manifestation (Electro Oceanid)
. The
Ominous Mask
is used to level Sara and her talents and is dropped by
Hilichurls
which can be found throughout Teyvat. Her talent books required are
Philosophies of Elegance,
which can be obtained in the
Violet Court Domain
. She uses
Dendrobium
as her levelling material.
This article will introduce you to the
weapons and artifacts
to use on Sara and the
party setup
you can use with her. I will include options for
free-to-play
players, as well as
beginners
.
Sara Weapons
Sara works best with
Energy Recharge
sub-stat
weapons. If possible, I would recommend using a
5-star weapon
(Elegy for the End or Skyward Harp for the passive). Otherwise, you can also use the F2P weapons Favonius Warbow and Prototype Crescent. You can use the weapons below:
The
Elegy for the End
bow is the best option for Sara, but might not be very attainable for F2P players, despite the current weapon banner wishing system. It increases Elemental Mastery by
60
. When her Elemental Skills or Elemental Bursts hit opponents, she gains a Sigil of Remembrance. This effect can be triggered once every 0.2s and can be triggered even if said character is not on the field. When you possess 4 Sigils of Remembrance, all will be consumed and all nearby party members will obtain increased EM by 100 and increased ATK by 20% effect for 12s. Once this effect is triggered, you will not gain Sigils of Remembrance for 20s.
Alternatively, you can use the
Skyward Harp
which has a
CRIT Rate sub-stat.
It increases CRIT DMG by
20
% and hits have a
60
% chance to inflict a small AoE attack, dealing 125% Physical ATK DMG, which can only occur once every
4
s. This is incredibly helpful with Sara as Burst support as she can deal more damage with her Ultimate before swapping her out of the field.
The 5-star weapons are rather unattainable but since Sara's buffs scale off her base ATK, the high base ATK of these weapons would
increase
her
buffs
as well.
For
Energy Recharge
sub-stats, you can use the
Sacrificial Bow.
After dealing damage to an opponent with an Elemental Skill, the skill has a
40
% chance to end its CD, which can only occur once every
30
s. This bow works well due to the high base ATK for Sara's buffs.
Alternatively, you can use the 4-star
Favonius Warbow.
CRIT hits have a
60
% chance to generate a small number of Elemental Particles, which will regenerate 6 Energy for the character, which can only occur once every
12
s. This is great to continuously generate Sara's ultimate due to its high cost of 80. This weapon is F2P friendly as you can obtain it by completing the Mondstadt archon quest.
Another F2P friendly weapon would be the
Prototype Crescent
due to the ATK sub-stat. Additionally, Charged Attack hits on weak points increase Movement SPD by 10% and ATK by
36
% for 10s. This works well for characters that snapshot such as
Xiangling and Beidou
.
If you have yet to obtain these weapons, you can also try the Stringless, though I would recommend swapping over once obtaining other options. The passive increases
Elemental Skill
and
Elemental Burst DMG
by 24%.
Though Sara's buffs scale off her base ATK, I would recommend focusing on
Energy Recharge
for the weapon since her ultimate has a high energy cost.
Sara Artifacts
Sara should use a
4-set
of
Noblesse Oblige
.
The Noblesse Oblige set increases Elemental Burst DMG by 20% and increases all party members' ATK by 20% for 12s after performing an Elemental Burst. The
Noblesse Oblige set
can be obtained from the
Clear Pool and Mountain Cavern
Domain
. For a guide on completing the domain, you can click
here
.
Some might prefer a
4-set
of
Emblem of Severed Fate
to increase
Energy Recharge
and to give additional
buffs
to party members based on Sara's ER%. This works well if you already have another character in your team that has the 4 Noblesse Oblige set since the
buff cannot stack.
The
Emblem of Severed Fate set
can be obtained from the
Momiji Dyed Court Domain
, do look out for a guide on how to complete the domain!
The stats and sub-stats that you should prioritise are as below:
Flower sub-stats:
ER%, CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG
Feather sub-stats:
ER%, CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG
Watch stat:
ER% (or ATK% if you already have a weapon with ER% stat)
Goblet stat:
Electro DMG Bonus
Mask stat:
CRIT Rate/CRIT Damage (try to have 40:80 at least for more burst damage)
If you are using the 4 Noblesse set, try to have at least
180% ER
. If you are using the 4 Emblem set, try to have at least
200% ER
.
Sara Talents
The best order to upgrade your talents is below.
Tengu Stormcall > Subjugation: Koukou Sendou > Tengu Bowmanship
There is no point upgrading her normal attack unless you would like to build her as a Main DPS (which I would not recommend as there are other better Electro DPS in-game).
Party Setup
With Sara as the
Burst Support,
you should use
Electro characters
that can benefit from her
particle generation
and characters with skills that
snapshot
. I would recommend
Xiangling
for her Pyronado ability and
Beidou
as she can also
snapshot
and has great synergy with Sara. Alternatively,
Fischl's Oz
can also snapshot and makes for a great and continuous off-field DPS. As support, Sara with C6 makes the ideal Electro team composition with
Raiden Shogun
due to her buffs to
Electro DMG
. However, this might be difficult to obtain. I use Fischl for
Off-field DPS
, Xiangling for
Overloaded
, Beidou for
Electro synergy/burst
and Sara for buffs. I will likely use Raiden Shogun, Fischl, Bennett and Sara once I obtain C6 of Kujou Sara.
Conclusion
Overall, Sara seems to be a rather targeted Burst DPS, though she has lots of potential. Once you obtain C6 Sara, she and Raiden Shogun in a team will be unstoppable.
We hope that you have found this article helpful! To learn how to
build Raiden Shogun
, you can refer to my article
here
or
this article
on her
constellations and team compositions
. For more information on
Ayaka,
and the permafreeze comp, you can take a look at this
article
.
Do look out for more Genshin guides from me and let us know if there are other articles you would like to read!
Author: Rigel
AR60 player of Genshin Impact that strives to collect every character in the game. I main Al-Haitham and aim to achieve at least 100k with every 5-star character I own!
Genshin Impact: Momiji-Dyed Court Domain Guide and Artifacts
Genshin Impact: Thoma Guide (Weapons, Artifacts, Teams)