Kujou Sara
is a
4-star playable electro
bow-wielding
character in
Genshin Impact
. She first appeared on the
Version 2.0 Special Program
and the players meet her during the
Archon quest
.
Patch 2.1
has introduced the electro archon as the 5-star rate-up character. Her constellation is called
Flabellum
. In this guide, we will cover everything about Kujou Sara in Genshin Impact and her talents, passive skills, best weapons, and artifacts along with the required ascension materials.
Kujou Sara: Playstyle and skillset of the character
Sara is a member of the
Kujou Clan
and acts as a bodyguard for the
Electro archon
Baal
and leads the troops in seizing the visions. Being a general of the
Tenryou Commission
, she is extremely skilled in battle.
The Tengu warrior can be utilized in many roles. But, her best role is based on her stats and skills. She looks to be
burst support
which provides buffs to the team. She is also a good addition to a
quick swap team.
Name
Type
Tengu Bowmanship
Normal Attack
: Perform Upto 5 consecutive attacks with a bow.
Charged Attack
: Perform a more precise Aimed Shot with increased DMG. While aiming, crackling lightning will accumulate on the arrowhead. An arrow fully charged with the storm’s might will deal Electro DMG.
When in the Crowfeather Cover state, a fully-charged arrow will leave a Crowfeather behind after it hits.
Plunging Attack:
Fires off a shower of arrows in mid-air before falling and striking the ground, dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Normal Attack
Tengu Stormcall
Retreats rapidly with the speed of a tengu, summoning the protection of the Crowfeather. Gains
Crowfeather
Cover
for 18s, and when Kujou Sara fires a fully-charged Aimed Shot, Crowfeather Cover will be consumed and will leave a Crowfeather at the target location.
Crowfeathers will trigger
Tengu Juurai: Ambush
after a short time, dealing Electro DMG and granting the active character within its AoE an ATK Bonus based on Kujou Sara’s Base ATK.
The ATK Bonuses from different Tengu Juurai will not stack, and their effects and duration will be determined by the last Tengu Juurai to take effect.
Elemental Skill
Subjugation
:
KouKou Sendou
Casts down Tengu Juurai: Titanbreaker, dealing AoE Electro DMG. Afterwards,
Tengu Juurai: Titanbreaker
spreads out into 4 consecutive bouts of Tengu Juurai: Stormcluster, dealing AoE Electro DMG.
Tengu Juurai: Titanbreaker
and
Tengu Juurai: Stormcluster
can provide the active character within their AoE with the same ATK Bonus as given by the Elemental Skill, Tengu Stormcall.The ATK Bonus provided by various kinds of Tengu Juurai will not stack, and their effects and duration will be determined by the last Tengu Juurai to take effect.
Elemental Burst
Kujou Sara's atk bonus doesn't stack with the same skill if other are using her, but can tack with Bennett atk buff over doubling the attack bonus. This is going to be insane.
pic.twitter.com/hCmjbQJXCt
— Lunar 🍊 (@LunarEklipz)
July 25, 2021
Kujou Sara’s Passive
Immovable Will
: When in Crowfeather cover state provided by Tengu Stormcall, aimed shot charge times are decreased by 60%.
Decorum
: When Tengu Jurai: Ambush hits opponents, Kujou Sara will restore 1.2 energy to all party members for every 100% Energy Recharge she has. This effect can be triggered once every 3 seconds.
Land Survey
: When dispatched on expedition in Inazuma, time consumed is reduced by 25%.
Sets to farm for Kujou Sara in Genshin Impact
Stats to look on artifacts
Kujou Sara in Genshin Impact
Players can use characters in various ways in accordance with the team’s needs. Characters of the same element also provide elemental resonance. Therefore, while looking at the artifacts for Sara, we will focus on two builds. The first role being of
Burst Support
and the second role can be as a
Sub DPS
.
1. Burst Support
Main Stats:
Energy Recharge (for 4 pc Noblesse) or Attack% (for 4 pc Emblem), Electro DMG Bonus, Crit Rate/Crit DMG.
Substats : Energy Recharge > Crit Rate, Crit Damage > Atk%.
4 pc Noblesse Oblige
at first glance looks like the best artifact. This is because it had been the best artifact set for support characters since its inception. It provides a 20% burst damage increase along with a 20% attack boost for all party members.
Another good option is the
4 pc Emblem of Severed fate
. It is one of the best artifact sets for Kujou Sara since it provides both energy recharge and extra damage for the elemental burst based on energy recharge, meaning high uptime for the burst along with high damaging numbers.
2. Sub DPS
Main Stats:
Attack% (With Emblem)/Energy Recharge, Electro DMG Bonus, Rate/Crit DMG.
While focussing on the sub DPS build, players need to pay attention to the elemental skill as well as the elemental burst.
Therefore players can choose either between a 2-PC Thundering Fury and 2-pc Gladiator/Shimenawa’s Reminiscence or 4-PC Emblem of Severed Fate set.
Materials required for ascension of Sara
Materials Required for the ascension of Kujou Sara
The materials needed to ascend Sara from
Level 1
to
Level 90
are as follows:
1x
Vajrada Amethyst Sliver
9x
Vajrada Amethyst Fragment
9x
Vajrada Amethyst Chunk
6x
Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone
168x
Dendrobium
46x
Storm Beads
18x
Damage Mask
30x
Stained Mask
36x
Ominous Mask
420,000
Mora
Talent Upgrade Materials for Sara
3x
Teachings of Elegance
6x
Damaged Mask
21x
Guides to Elegance
22x
Stained Mask
38x
Philosophies of Elegance
31x
Ominous Mask
6x
Ashen Heart
1x
Crown of Insight
1,652,500x
Mora
Teachings, Guides and Philosophies of Elegance
are obtainable from the domain Violet Court on
Tuesday, Friday and Sunday.
Best weapons for Kujou Sara in Genshin Impact
Similar to Bennet, Kujou Sara provides attack buffs based on the base attack. Therefore,
weapons with higher base attacks
will do better over lower base attack weapons.
5 stars with their higher base attacks will provide higher buffs. Among the 5-star weapons, the best options are
Skyward Harp
and
Elegy for the end
are the best weapons for Sara in general. For sub-DPS/ DPS for Sara,
Thundering Pulse
is the best.
Among the 4-star weapons, the
Sacrificial bow
with its
high base attack (highest in 4 stars)
is hands-down the best option. It also provides a
much-needed energy recharge stat
along with its great passive which means more elemental skills can be used as a result of higher uptime for the burst as well.
Alley hunter
also has a high base attack and therefore serves as an alternative for the sacrificial bow. These are for players who already have their Sacrificial bow on some other character.
For f2p players who were unable to find any good
gacha
weapons,
Blackcliff warbow
can be used until they find a better weapon.
Related – Genshin Impact Xiao Guide: Best weapons, artifacts, materials required for ascension
What are your takeaways from the Genshin Impact
Kujou Sara
Guide? Let us know in the
comments
below.
For more Mobile Gaming news and updates, join our
WhatsApp group
,
Telegram Group
,
or
Discord server
. Also, follow us on
Google News
,
Instagram
, and
Twitter
for quick updates.
Tags
Gacha Games
Genshin Impact