Genshin Impact: Kujou Sara Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
By
Christina Roffe
Published
Apr 11, 2023, 11:00 AM EDT
Christina Roffe is a Guides Specialist from the United States. She has experience writing on games ranging from Nintendo titles to PlayStation titles. She is especially knowledgeable in anything Nintendo and Genshin Impact. Building new characters in Genshin Impact is one of her favorite things to do.
Sign in to your
DualShockers
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Kujou Sara's Best Build & Artifact Sets
Kujou Sara's Best 5-Star & 4-Star Weapons
Kujou Sara's Best Team Compositions
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Kujou Sara is the general of the Tenryou Commission and spends most of her time fulfilling the commands of the Raiden Shogun. Her abilities allow her to be a trusted member of the Kujou Clan, and she is always focused on protecting the city of Inazuma.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Fischl Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
As a
4-Star Electro character
in
Genshin Impact
, Kujou Sara can provide powerful Support to her team and buff up their abilities. Should you choose to add her to the team, here are some of the best ways to build her.
Kujou Sara's Best Build & Artifact Sets
Choosing the best artifact set for Kujou Sara is a simple task, as you'll want to
focus on a set that will enhance her Support abilities.
The more buffs she can provide to her team, the better. Below, you'll find the best set to pair with Kujou Sara.
4-Set Of Noblesse Oblige
A 2-Set of Noblesse Oblige will give Kujou Sara an increase of 20 percent to her Elemental Burst DMG. Its 4-Set will increase all party member's ATK by 20 percent for 12 seconds after using an Elemental Burst. This effect cannot stack. The 4-Set of Noblesse Oblige is incredibly useful for Kujou Sara, as it wil
l increase her ATK buffing for the team even further.
This will make her a
fantastic Support character with a team that relies heavily on ATK for their damage.
You'll also get a decent increase to her Elemental Burst DMG to not only aid your team, but also deal decent damage. Here are some of the main stats and substats to give to your pieces.
Artifact
Main Stat
Substats
Sands of Eon
ATK% or Energy Recharge
ATK%, Energy Recharge, CRIT DMG, CRIT Rate
Goblet of Eonothem
Electro DMG Bonus
ATK%, Energy Recharge, CRIT DMG, CRIT Rate
Circlet of Logos
CRIT DMG or CRIT Rate
ATK%, Energy Recharge, CRIT DMG, CRIT Rate
To make sure that Kujou Sara can increase her team's ATK stat significantly, you'll want to
give her a high ATK stat as this is what will increase the buff.
Energy Recharge is important as well, as she can
restore Energy for the rest of the team based on her own Energy Recharge percent.
CRIT Stats will be another helpful addition to allow Kujou Sara to deal heavy damage on her opponents.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Raiden Shogun Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Kujou Sara's Best 5-Star & 4-Star Weapons
The most important stats to focus on when choosing a weapon for Kujou Sara is
ATK, Energy Recharge and CRIT Stats.
As we stated in her artifact build,
ATK and Energy Recharge is where all of her buffs for the team will come from, while CRIT Stats will help increase her own damage.
Luckily, there are many bows to choose from with these stats that can be perfect for Kujou Sara.
5-Star Weapons: Skyward Harp & Elegy For The End
Skyward Harp will give Kujou Sara a base increase of 4.8 percent to her CRIT Rate. Its Bonus Skill will increase her CRIT DMG by 20 percent. Hits have a 60 percent chance to inflict a small Area of Effect attack which will deal 125 percent Physical ATK DMG. This can only occur once every 4 seconds. Skyward Harp is a common 5-Star weapon, so you have the ability to get it on current or standard Banners.
If you're wanting to increase Kujou Sara's own damage when she takes the field, then Skyward Harp is the perfect selection for you.
Elegy for the End will give Kujou Sara a base increase of 12 percent to her Energy Recharge. Its Bonus Skill will increase her Elemental Mastery by 60. She will also gain sigils when dealing damage with her Elemental Skill or Burst every 0.2 seconds even when off-field. At 4 sigils, they will all be consumed, and Elemental Mastery will increase by 100 and ATK will increase by 20 percent for 12 seconds. Once the effect is triggered, you cannot gain sigils for 20 seconds.
Elegy for the End is the next best choice if you want to enhance Kujou Sara's Elemental Burst. The increase to Energy Recharge will keep it readily available, and Kujou Sara will receive buffs to her Elemental Mastery and ATK to make the effects of her Elemental Burst DMG more significant.
4-Star Weapons: Sacrificial Bow & Prototype Crescent
Sacrificial Bow will give Kujou Sara a base increase of 6.7 percent to her Energy Recharge. Its Bonus Skill will allow an Elemental Skill to have a 40 percent chance to end its own cooldown after it is used and damages an opponent. This can only occur once every 30 seconds.
Sacrificial Bow is the best alternative to Elegy for the End with its increase to Energy Recharge. It will also allow you to more frequently use Kujou Sara's Elemental Skill, which can help you to keep the ATK buff on your team.
Prototype Crescent will give Kujou Sara a base increase of 6 percent to her ATK. Its Bonus Skill will give an increase to Movement SPD by 10 percent and ATK by 36 percent for 10 seconds when an Aimed Shot hits on a weak point of an enemy.
Though Prototype Crescent takes a bit more time and effort to master, it's a great option, especially for those who want a
craftable, Free-to-Play weapon
. It will keep Kujou Sara's ATK stat very high, so she can support her team with an ATK increase.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Bennett Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Kujou Sara's Best Team Compositions
Kujou Sara can work well with many teams, especially those that will
benefit the most from her ATK Buff.
You'll also want to consider pairing her with a team that will
synergize well with Electro to create strong Elemental Reactions.
Here are some of our favorite teams for her.
5-Star Team
Kujou Sara will provide
ATK and Energy buffs
to this team, while
Kazuha and Raiden Shogun provide additional buffs to increase overall damage.
Qiqi will be there to heal the team
and prevent them from falling on-field.
Character
Character Type and Benefits
Raiden Shogun
Main DPS, Can provide powerful Electro DMG and provide Energy to the team with Elemental Burst.
Kazuha
Support, Can provide Crowd Control and buff the team's Elemental DMG through Swirl Reactions.
Qiqi
Support and Healer, Can provide strong healing through Elemental Burst and create Superconduct Reaction with Electro.
4-Star Team
For this 4-Star team, Kujou Sara will again provide buffing support to increase the damage output of the rest of the team.
The mixture of Electro and Pyro will allow this team to create the Overload Reaction,
especially with
Xiangling's Elemental Burst
which will keep Pyro applied to enemies.
Character
Character Type and Benefits
Fischl
Main DPS, Can provide consistent on and off-field Electro DMG to create Overload Reaction and can provide Energy Particles.
Xiangling
Sub-DPS, Can provide persistent off-field Pyro DMG and Application with Elemental Burst to create Overload.
Bennett
Support and Healer, Can provide powerful healing and an additional ATK buff with Elemental Burst.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: Current & Upcoming Banners
Video Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Whose Section Did You Enjoy Playing The Most In Resident Evil Requiem?
Grace
Grace
47.1%
Leon
Leon
52.9%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Sudden Strike 5 Review
Windrose’s Success Proves Indie Games Can Easily Outmatch AAA Releases
From Guild Raids to Stardew Valley: The Search For Belonging