Despite being the adopted daughter of the Tenryou Commission, Kujou Sara is a tengu whose loyalty to the Raiden Shogun knows no bounds. She's a headstrong warrior who, despite their differences, has a soft spot for a certain annoying one, and has shown to be empathetic to the weak, even while carrying out orders for the Vision Hunt Decree.
Recommended Videos
Kujou Sara is a four-star Electro bow user. If you were lucky enough to pull for her, here's everything you need to farm in preparation for her Ascensions.
All Kujou Sara level-up, Talent, & Ascension materials in Genshin Impact
Level-up cost
You need to prepare the following to level up Kujou Sara to either 80 or 90. This doesn't include Ascension and Talent costs.
Level 1-80
Hero's Wit
: 248
Mora
: 987,905
Level 1-90
Hero's Wit
: 420
Mora
: 1,672,530
Ascension materials & cost
You need to prepare
420,000 Mora
and the following materials to fully Ascend Kujou Sara. The Mora value doesn't include level-up and Talent costs.
Local Specialty & Boss material
x168 Dendrobium
x46
Storm Beads
Kujou Sara's local specialty is the
Dendrobium
, a vibrant red flower that can primarily be found along the Kujou Encampment. Meanwhile, her boss materials are Storm Beads, which are dropped by the
Thunder Manifestation
in Amakumo Peak.
Gemstones
x1 Vajrada Amethyst Sliver
x9
Vajrada Amethyst
Fragment
x9
Vajrada Amethyst
Chunk
x6
Vajrada Amethyst
Gemstone
These are dropped by all Electro Normal and World Bosses, such as the Thunder Manifestation and
Electro Regisvine
. Additionally, you can
convert materials
using the Crafting Table to turn your existing Gemstones into Electro ones.
Common materials
x18 Damaged Mask
x30 Stained Mask
x36 Ominous Mask
You'll be happy to know that Kujou Sara's common material requirements are extremely easy to get. These Masks are dropped by all kinds of Hilichurls, from the little Hilichurls to annoying Samachurls and fierce Lawachurls.
Related:
All Electro characters worth leveling in Genshin Impact
Talent level-up materials & cost
You must prepare
1,652,500 Mora
and the following materials to level up all three of Kujou Sara's Talents to
level 10
. The Mora value doesn't include character level-up and Ascension costs.
Talent materials
x9 Teachings of Elegance
x63 Guide to Elegance
x114 Philosophies of Elegance
These can be farmed from the
Violet Court Domain
in the small islet west of Narukami Island on Tuesdays, Fridays, and Sundays.
Common materials
x18 Damaged Mask
x66 Stained Mask
x93
Ominous Mask
These Masks are dropped by all kinds of Hilichurls, from the little Hilichurls to annoying Samachurls and fierce Lawachurls.
World Boss material & Crown of Insight
x3 Crown of Insight
x18 Ashen Heart
Crowns of Insight are limited rewards that can be obtained from big events. Kujou Sara's World Boss material is called the Ashen Heart. It can be farmed from the
La Signora
Weekly Boss located in the Tenshukaku.
Check out our
Best Kujou Sara build in Genshin Impact – Weapons, Artifacts, and more!
here on Pro Game Guides to build this reliable tengu support.
More Posts from PGG