Task Search
Checklists
Guides
Markers
Videos
Sort and Filter
No Results
Checklists
New Checklist
All Lists
My Checklists
All
All Lists
My Checklists
How creative can you get with your first free checklist?
Create a free account
All Interactive Maps and Locations
Genshin Impact Gaming Build Guide - Best Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
By
Cedric Pabriga
,
Jen Rothery
,
Triforce
,
+30 more
Updated
:
Feb 18, 2024 3:36am UTC
Gaming is a new 4-star character from Liyue debuting during the famous Lantern Rite Festival in 4.4. This guide to the
best Genshin Impact Gaming build
will explain the best weapons, artifact sets, constellations, and team compositions for Gaming.
Gaming
Rarity:
★★★★
Element:
Pyro
Weapon:
Claymore
Table of Contents:
How to Get Gaming
Gaming Gameplay Overview
Gaming Talents and Attack Combos
Gaming Constellation Analysis
Gaming's Best Weapons
Gaming's Best Artifacts
Gaming's Best Teams
How to Get Gaming in Genshin Impact
Gaming will be available during the first phase of the 4.4 limited banner. After 4.4, he is added to the standard pool of 4-stars available, and will be able to be pulled on any banner.
Genshin Gaming Gameplay Overview
Element:
Pyro
Weapon:
Claymore
Rarity:
4-star
Gaming is an on-field DPS
that deals most of his damage through his special Plunging Attacks powered by his Skill. He debuts with limited 5-star Xianyun, who buffs characters’ Plunging Attacks, making the two a nice pair, should you pull them together. Gaming’s damage output is highly respectable for a 4-star, though there are several options in characters who can mimic his role and damage output. His animations are flashy and satisfying to play, making him a great pick-up for many players.
Gaming also synergizes well with Fontanian mechanics that depend on constantly changing HP values. Gaming’s talents both drain HP and heal his health back little by little overtime, making him an incredible user of the Marechaussee artifact set and “Hydro Archon” Furina. Being a Pyro unit, he can utilize multiple reaction types in order to maximize his personal damage. On top of this, Gaming is easy to pilot and beginner friendly. He is best used in single-target scenarios.
Energy Recharge is, as usual, a concern for the character. However, his needs are easily rectified by including Bennett in the team, Favonius weapons, and Constellation 4 and up. With no elemental support from other Pyro units, you’ll need about 180% recharge, though this is the worst that it gets, thankfully. At C4, expect 145% in the same circumstances. With Bennett and a Favonius weapon at C0, it will be closer to 165% down to 140% at C4.
For more information on elemental reactions, check out the comprehensive guide
here
.
Stats Worth Consideration
Energy Recharge
: Between 140% and 180% (start by aiming higher)
ATK%:
used for damage outside of elemental reactions
Elemental Mastery:
used for damaging elemental reactions
CRIT Rate/DMG:
used to maximize possible damage.
For any character devoted to building damage, it is important to prioritize a 1-to-2 ratio between CRIT Rate and CRIT DMG. 1-3 ratios, while they may give dopamine through bigger Crit numbers, is actually less damage overall. Aim for 75;150 in most cases!
Genshin Gaming Talents and Attack Combos
Your talent-levelling priority should be Skill > Burst > Normal Attack.
Normal Attack:
Stellar Rend
Use these between his special Plunging Attacks. When using regular Plunging Attacks like with Xianyun, the damage will scale off of this talent. While it is the lowest priority for levels, it should not be ignored.
Elemental Skill:
Bestial Ascent
The Skill allows Gaming to tumble towards an enemy and then leap straight upwards into the air, allowing him to use a special flashy Plunge Attack to deal great damage. This is the main attraction of his kit and is your first priority. He consumes HP to deal this damage, but other aspects of his kit allow him to replenish that lost health.
Elemental Burst:
Ring of Bursting Grenades
Now, let’s talk about Gaming's Burst. It immediately heals Gaming by 30% of his max health while applying Pyro to himself and summoning a small companion to attack an enemy and deal damage. When he uses his special plunges while above half health, his companion will attack again. Each time this happens, the Skill cooldown is reset, allowing Gaming to maximize the efficiency of his Skill uses.
Gaming
Passives
Next, come Gaming’s passives.
His first ascension passive allows for HP regeneration, granting a total of 6% HP across 0.8 seconds after using a special Plunging Attack.
Gaming's fourth ascension passive grants one of two buffs based on his current HP. Below 50%, Gaming gains 20% Healing Bonus. Above 50%, Gaming gains 20% DMG on Plunging Attacks.
Finally, his exploration passive gives a speed boost to the party during daytime.
When it comes to field time, Gaming should start by using his Skill and special Plunging Attack, then his Burst, and then weave two normal attacks between each Skill and special Plunging Attack about four times. This rotation will likely change based on a number of factors, like Xianyun or C6 Bennett being on the team, which allows Gaming to use regular Plunging Attacks instead of Normal Attacks (both use the same talent level).
Genshin Gaming Constellation Analysis
Gaming plays like a complete character at C0, but of course, constellations are always an improvement. C4 and C6 are the important ones to wish for.
Constellation Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
C1. Bringer of Blessing
When Gaming’s Burst companion returns to him, Gaming heals 15% HP.
Does not increase his damage, but offers a nice amount of extra healing.
C2. Plum Blossoms Underfoot
When Gaming is healed beyond his max HP, he gains 20% ATK for five seconds.
Not a major damage boost, and this buff is situational, too.
C3. Awakening Spirit
Increase Skill talent level by 3.
More damage on his most useful talent, but still not a major improvement.
C4. Soar Across Mountains
When Gamings special Plunging Attack hits opponents, he regenerates 2 energy.
Looks mediocre, but is very helpful for lowering ER requirements, especially since Gaming uses his special Plunge Attack multiple times per rotation.
C5. Evil-Daunting Roar
Increases Burst talent level by 3.
A minor boost to Gaming’s damage. Nothing special here.
C6. To Tame All Beasts
Gaming’s special Plunging Attacks gain 20% CRIT Rate and 40% CRIT DMG while widening its area of effect.
80 Crit-Value is an enormous boon, and the additional AOE will make him better suited for situations outside of single-target fights.
Genshin Gaming's Best Weapons
Gaming's weapon wants are pretty straightforward. Focus on CRIT stats whenever possible, then ATK or Elemental Mastery weapons when no CRIT weapons are available.
Weapon Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
Serpent Spine (R5)
26.7% CRIT Rate
Every 4s a character is on the field, they will deal 10% more DMG and take 2% more DMG. This effect has a maximum of 5 stacks and will not be reset if the character leaves the field, but will be reduced by 1 stack when the character takes DMG.
Overall Best – Battle Pass Only
Serpent Spine will almost always be a contender for best Claymore on characters that care about their CRIT hits (which is most dps units). It’ll be best if you can keep him shielded to maintain his stacks. The HP drain on his Skill does not take away Serpent Spine stacks.
Any 5-Star CRIT Weapon
Variable Stats
Effect will be different based on weapon choice, but all are generally equivalent in efficiency.
Big Stat Stick
Gaming wants CRIT and high ATK, and almost any 5-star CRIT weapon can do the job here.
Rainslasher
165 EM
Increases DMG against opponents affected by Hydro or Electro by 20-36%.
Best When Counting on Vaporize or Melt
While this weapon will expect you to build more CRIT stats on your artifacts, this can replace the need for an Elemental Mastery Sands of Eon and the passive will almost always be active.
Other 5-Star Weapons
Variable Stats
Effect will be different based on weapon choice, but all are generally equivalent in efficiency.
Generic Damage Options
Again, this is mainly used for a stat stick, but these options will overpower other 4-star weapons.
Tidal Shadow
41.3% ATK
After the wielder is healed, ATK will be increased by 24-48% for 8s. This can be triggered even when the character is not on the field.
Craftable Weapon Option
The massive ATK buff from being healed is surprisingly efficient for a 4-star craftable weapon. Event weapons that benefit EM and ER are equivalently useful, if not slightly more.
Genshin Gaming's Best Artifacts
Sands
– ER% (EM or ATK% if you meet Energy Recharge demands)
Goblet
– Pyro DMG%
Circlet
– CRIT Rate/DMG% (Healing Bonus% if you have survivability issues)
For any character devoted to building damage, it is important to prioritize a 1-to-2 ratio between CRIT Rate and CRIT DMG. 1-3 ratios, while they may give dopamine through bigger Crit numbers, is actually less damage overall. Aim for 75;150 in most cases!
There are three main competitive options for Gaming; 4pc Marechaussee Hunter, 4pc Crimson Witch, and 4pc Gilded Dreams
Artifact Set Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
4pc Marechaussee Hunter
2pc: Normal and Charged Attack DMG +15%
4pc: When current HP increases or decreases, CRIT Rate will be increased by 12% for 5s. Max 3 stacks.
Overall Best
Best for damage unconditionally. Tied with Crimson Witch when reactions are involved. If you plan to only use Gaming for exploiting reactions, just use the set with the best substats.
4pc Crimson Witch of Flames
2pc: 15% Pyro DMG.
4pc: Increases Overloaded, Burning, and Burgeon DMG by 40%. Increases Vaporize and Melt DMG by 15%. Using Elemental Skill increases the 2-Piece Set Bonus by 50% of its starting value for 10s. Max 3 stacks.
Tied for Best if Reliably Triggering Reactions
The 4pc Crimson Witch set is a staple on many Pyro DPS characters and is accessible from the beginning of the game. Make sure you pair Gaming with Xingqiu, Yelan, or Rosaria to maximize efficiency of this set.
4pc Gilded Dreams
2pc: +80 Elemental Mastery.
4pc: Within 8s of triggering an Elemental Reaction, ATK +14% for each party member whose Elemental Type is the same as the equipping character and +50 for every party member with a different Elemental Type. This effect can be triggered once every 8s. The character who equips this can still trigger its effects when not on the field.
Strong Generic Secondary Option
Gaming usually wants to create reactions anyways, and this is only slightly behind the other two options in terms of damage. A solid choice if you happen to have a set laying around.
Genshin Gaming's Best Teams
Gaming is a DPS who prefers a strong buffer, a Viridescent Venerer-holder, and a character who provides a meaningful reaction for Gaming. Your best bets are Vaporize teams, but there are other options available if you want to try Melt or Overload.
Standard Gaming Team
Your team will include Bennett and an Anemo character with 4pc Viridescent Venerer in pretty much every case
Guide Character
Hydro/Cryo/Pyro
Anemo
Bennett
Specific Teammate Choices
Teammate Choices
Character Name
Notes
Character Name
Notes
Bennett
Support / Healer
C1+ Recommended
Huge Teamwide Flat ATK Buff
Rapid Healing Within AoE
Great Pyro energy supplier
Short Cooldowns on Skill/Burst
Accessible via Paimon's Bargains
Xiangling
Off-Field Pyro DPS
Incredible off-field AoE damage output
Best with multiple Pyro characters, especially Bennett
Can often carry a team by herself with reactions if her massive ER needs are satisfied
Xingqiu
Off-Field Hydro DPS
Consistent Hydro application to ensure reactions.
Interruption resistance
Minor healing
Excellent single-target damage output.
Yelan
Off-Field Hydro DPS
Consistent Hydro application to ensure reactions.
Pairs extremely well with Xingqiu.
Sizeable buff to active character – up to 50% DMG bonus.
Excellent single-target damage output.
Furina
On-Field DPS
The Hydro Archon demands a dedicated healer
Massive universal damage-buffer for team
Impressive damage on top of her support capabilities
Chevreuse
Off-Field Overload Support
Demands only Electro and Pyro characters on the team
Replaces the need for an Anemo Viridescent character
Sizeable debuffs and buffs, which improve significantly at c6
Kaeya
Off-Field Cryo DPS
Respectable damage output
Consistent application for reactions
Orbiting icicles make melee-based reactions more reliable.
Rosaria
Off-Field Cryo DPS
Impressive AoE damage output
Grants CRIT Rate bonus to the team
Low cooldowns means she generates lots of energy
Viable in a variety of roles and builds
Fischl
Off-Field Electro DPS
Demands Chevreuse if used with Gaming
Impeccable single target damage
Consistent application for reactions
Viable enough to be slapped into almost any team with general success
Beidou
Off-Field Electro DPS
Demands Chevreuse if used with Gaming
Demands Fischl to meet energy requirements
Excellent damage in 2-enemy scenarios
Xianyun
Anemo (De+)Buffer
Exceptional synergy with Gaming
Healing for party
Buffs to team’s Plunging Attacks
Debuffs with Viridescent Venerer
Layla
Cryo Shielder/Support
Can apply Cryo with her Burst
Usually wields a Favonius weapon
Tough, durable shield to prevent interruption
Kazuha
Anemo (De+)Buffer
Universally loved Anemo support
Excellent crowd control with held Skill
Usually wields Favonius or Xiphos’ Moonlight for team energy needs
Massive buffs to elements based on Kazuha’s Elemental Mastery stat
Debuffs elemental resistances with Viridescent Venerer
Sucrose
Anemo (De+)Buffer
Strongest 4-star Anemo support
Decent enemy grouping with Skill
Generates lots of energy through her Skill and potential weapons
Shares 25% of her Elemental Mastery with the team to improve reactions
Available since the start of the game
Up Next:
Genshin Gaming Ascension Materials
Previous
Genshin Chiori Ascension Materials
Next
Genshin Gaming Ascension Materials
Top Guide Sections
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna IV Release Time and Details
Genshin Impact Luna III Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna II Release Date and Details
Was this guide helpful?
Leave feedback
In This Guide
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Initial Release:
Sep 27, 2020
+2
Learn more
Go to comments