Genshin Impact: Gaming Character Builds (Weapons, Artifacts, Team Comps)
Genshin Impact's Gaming smiles with flames in the background.
By
Bruno Yonezawa
Published
Jan 30, 2024, 6:00 AM EST
Bruno Yonezawa is a Gaming Senior Writer for Screen Rant. He's been practicing professional journalism for over 10 years, and is also a communications specialist. He's played games all his life and turned that passionate hobby into a passionate career, in an industry where he's worked as a writer, editor, analyst, and more.
Sign in to your
ScreenRant
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Best Weapons For Gaming (Best Claymores)
Best Team Comps For Gaming
Best Artifacts, Stats, & Skill Priority For Gaming
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Giving the best build to Gaming in
Genshin Impact
and pairing the character with a solid team comp can effectively enhance your experience with him as a main DPS. Gaming is a 4-star Pyro claymore character introduced with Version 4.4, who specializes in dealing damage through special Plunging Attacks that are activated by the usage of his Elemental Skill. Gaming’s Elemental Burst deals damage itself, but is ultimately a way of allowing his Elemental Skill’s cooldown to be eliminated, thus permitting him to strike more often.
In terms of story, Gaming is a character from Liyue. He hails from Chenyu Vale, a long-discussed area that was added with the
release of
Genshin Impact
4.4
. Gaming works as a transport guard but is best known for his Wushou Dance. Along with his friendly suanni companion, Man Chai, Gaming dons the helm of a lion and uses his traditional dance moves to fight opponents. The focus on his Plunging Attacks makes him a rare and valuable type of DPS unit, so long as you build him adequately to take advantage of all his powers.
Related
Genshin Impact: Gaming Character Ascension (& Materials)
It may consume some time and resources, but it is worth Ascending Gaming in Genshin Impact to unlock his potential as a main DPS Pyro unit.
Posts
By
Bruno Yonezawa
Best Weapons For Gaming (Best Claymores)
Genshin Impact's Gaming looks serious as he does the Wushou Dance.
The best weapons for Gaming are claymores that grant him bonuses as a DPS character. As such, you should be looking for gear with ATK and CRIT bonuses. According to
GameWith
,
the best weapon for Gaming is Beacon of the Reed Sea
. This weapon has a great base ATK stat (608 at level 90) with a useful CRIT Rate sub-stat (33.1% at level 90). Additionally, after the user’s Elemental Skill hits an enemy in
Genshin Impact
, their ATK is increased by 20% for eight seconds. After they take DMG, their ATK increases by 20% for eight seconds as well.
Beacon of the Reed Sea also increases the user’s Max HP by 32% when they are not shielded. This HP increase can be beneficial to Gaming, as he loses HP through his Skill – the HP-loss mechanic will be used to increase his powers in another section of his build.
A 5-star weapon alternative is Wolf’s Gravestone
. This has the same base ATK but offers an ATK sub-stat (49.6% at level 90). Its weapon skill grants a 20% ATK bonus and, on hit, attacks on enemies with less than 30% HP increase all teammates’ ATK by 40% for 12 seconds.
Wolf’s Gravestone ATK bonuses may allow you to focus on building Gaming’s CRIT Rate / DMG ratio.
The table below lists the best builds for Gaming in
Genshin Impact
, including weapons, Artifacts, and stats:
Gaming's Best Build In Genshin Impact
Weapon
Beacon of the Reed Sea (Best 5-star)
Wolf's Gravestone (Substitute 5-star)
Serpent Spine (Best 4-star)
Lithic Blade (Substitute 4-star)
Prototype Archaic (F2P 4-star)
Artifact
Marechaussee Hunter (4 pieces)
Crimson Witch Of Flames (4 pieces)
Stat Priority
CRIT Rate / CRIT DMG
ATK
Pyro DMG
Elemental Mastery
Skill Priority
Elemental Skill
Normal Attack & Elemental Burst
If you do not have a 5-star weapon,
you can give Gaming a 4-star claymore
. Some of the best ones, listed by GameWith, are Serpent Spine and Lithic Blade. The former will offer a decent ATK (510 at level 90) with a CRIT Rate sub-stat (27.6% at level 90), while Lithic Blade will grant the same base ATK, but an ATK sub-stat (41.3% at level 90). Serpent Spine offers more damage output and an increase in damage intake, while Lithic Blade grants ATK and CRIT Rate bonuses in
Genshin Impact
based on how many Liyue characters are in the party.
Lithic Blade’s ATK and CRIT Rate buffs can stack up to four times.
If you do not have either of these weapons, since they are part of the battle pass and the gacha system, respectively, there is still a F2P (free-to-play) alternative.
Prototype Archaic is a F2P option to consider for Gaming
. It grants a higher base ATK stat (565 at level 90) with an ATK sub-stat (27.6% at level 90). Its weapon skill is dispensable since it boosts Normal and Charged Attacks, but the ATK stat and bonus alone are enough to justify its usage by Gaming in
Genshin Impact
.
Best Team Comps For Gaming
The best team comps for Gaming are those that allow him to operate freely as a main DPS, supporting him with off-field damage and buffs. A Plunge-based team comp, as shown by GameWith, would have him as the main damage dealer, along with
Xianyun in
Genshin Impact
. This 5-star unit serves as the team’s first healer and
grants him bonuses for the damage caused by his Plunging Attacks
. Bennett would be a secondary healer, an ATK buffer, and would activate the team comp’s Pyro Resonance, which grants even more damage output.
For a sub-DPS, GameWith recommends Furina, who can also operate as an emergency healer, but would ultimately be there to deal off-field Hydro DMG, which would enable Gaming to constantly trigger Vaporize reactions. This is a solid team structure, but
you are always free to make any necessary adjustments
. Furina could be substituted by Yelan, Raiden Shogun, Xingqiu, or Fischl, for instance. Mona could instead be the support unit instead of
Bennett in
Genshin Impact
. The choices should come down to preferences and character availability.
The table below lists a few team comp suggestions for Gaming:
Gaming's Best Team Comps In Genshin Impact
Plunging Attack Team Comp
Gaming (Main DPS)
Furina (Sub-DPS)
Xianyun (Healer and Support)
Bennett (Support and Healer)
Overloaded Team Comp
Gaming (Main DPS)
Chevreuse (Support or Healer)
Raiden Shogun or Fischl (Sub-DPS)
Bennett or Kuki Shinobu (Healer or Support)
F2P Team Comp
Gaming (Main DPS)
Xingqiu (Sub-DPS)
Fischl (Battery and Sub-DPS)
Bennett (Support and Healer)
Instead of this premium build, you can also go for alternative team comps, such as some focused on Overloaded reactions – especially now, with the arrival of Chevreuse – or a F2P party, if you do not have many gacha characters and do not intend on spending money to acquire them.
The rule of thumb is having characters to buff and heal Gaming
in
Genshin Impact
, with an extra source of damage who preferably strikes with off-field abilities.
Best Artifacts, Stats, & Skill Priority For Gaming
Genshin Impact's Gaming holding a lion mask as he executes the Wushou Dance.
The best Artifact set for Gaming is Marechaussee Hunter
. This is mainly because of his HP-loss mechanic. Because his main source of power will drain his life, the idea is to profit even more on top of that. Marechaussee Hunter’s two-piece perk grants a 15% bonus to Normal and Charged Attack DMG. The four-piece bonus is the most important: when Gaming’s HP fluctuates, his CRIT Rate increases by 12% for five seconds, up to three stacks. As such, Marechaussee Hunter optimizes Gaming’s potential as a DPS in
Genshin Impact
based on his HP mechanic.
An alternative Artifact set is Crimson Witch of Flames
. By equipping two pieces, Gaming gets a 15% bonus to his Pyro DMG, while four pieces grant him a 40% increase to Overloaded, Burning, and Burgeon DMG, a 15% bonus to Vaporize and Melt DMG, and offer a 50% Pyro DMG bonus for 10 seconds after using an Elemental Skill. This effect stacks up to three times. This set is best if you intend on making Elemental Reactions in
Genshin Impact
more important than his Plunging Attack DMG.
When farming either of these Artifact sets, prioritize ATK, CRIT Rate / CRIT DMG, Pyro DMG, and Elemental Mastery, as these are the most beneficial to Gaming as a DPS.
In the process of leveling up Gaming’s Talents,
your main focus should be the Elemental Skill
. This is his main source of damage and the most important ability in his kit. Following that, Gaming’s Normal Attacks and Burst should be leveled equally. His Normal Skill is important since it increases the power of his Plunging Attack, which is considered when calculating the damage of his Skill. His Burst is also fairly important, as it deals a lot of damage and helps with his Skill’s cooldown in
Genshin Impact
.
Building Gaming is easy, as he operates as a standard DPS and does not have any complicated scaling that can disrupt how his kit works. The character carries with him great gameplay value, especially when considering the focus on Plunging Attacks. Combined with the proper build and a solid team comp to support him, Gaming can be a good character to use in
Genshin Impact
, even if he is a 4-star DPS.
Source:
GameWith
Genshin Impact
RPG
Action
Adventure
Gacha
Open-World
Systems
9
/10
Released
September 28, 2020
ESRB
Teen / Alcohol Reference, Fantasy Violence, In-Game Purchases (Includes Random Items), Users Interact
Developer(s)
HoYoverse (Formerly miHoYo)
Publisher(s)
HoYoverse (Formerly miHoYo)
Platform(s)
PlayStation 5
,
PlayStation 4
, Xbox Series X, Xbox Series S,
PC
, iOS, Android
Genre(s)
RPG
,
Action
,
Adventure
, Gacha, Open-World
Powered by
Expand
Collapse
Gaming
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Trending Now
Cyberpunk 2077 Official Free Download Available For Millions, Don't Miss Out
DC Confirms Epic New Name And Weapon For Darkseid's New Appearance
Major Michael Jackson Songs Missing From 2026 Biopic Addressed By Director & Producer