Genshin Impact: Diluc Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
By
Christina Roffe
Published
Mar 7, 2023, 9:15 AM EST
Christina Roffe is a Guides Specialist from the United States. She has experience writing on games ranging from Nintendo titles to PlayStation titles. She is especially knowledgeable in anything Nintendo and Genshin Impact. Building new characters in Genshin Impact is one of her favorite things to do.
Sign in to your
DualShockers
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Diluc's Best Builds & Artifact Sets
Diluc's Best 5-Star & 4-Star Weapons
Diluc's Best Team Compositions
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Serving as the owner of the Dawn Winery in Mondstadt, Diluc is a flame-haired former member of the Knights of Favonious in
Genshin Impact
. Despite his departure, he still holds the title of a nobleman in the region.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Yae Miko Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
As a 5-Star Pyro Claymore-user, Diluc is an
underrated Main DPS
that when built correctly, can serve your team well. Should you choose to add him to your arsenal, here's how you can build on his abilities.
Diluc's Best Builds & Artifact Sets
With Diluc's talents and abilities, he's
best suited to the role of a Main DPS.
A lot of his damage focuses on
base ATK and Pyro DMG,
making him a great character to team up with other elements and create Elemental Reactions. Taking this into account, the best artifact sets for him will focus on one of these two stats.
4-Set Of Crimson Witch Of Flames
The 2-Set of Crimson Witch of Flames will give Diluc a Pyro DMG Bonus of 15 percent. The 4-Set will increase Overloaded, Burning, and Burgeon DMG by 40 percent. It will also increase Vaporize and Melt DMG by 15 percent. Using Diluc's Elemental Skill will increase the 2-Set effects by 50 percent for 10 seconds, with a maximum of 3 stacks. This set is your ideal choice if you want to
hike up Diluc's Pyro DMG as much as possible.
He can create fantastic Elemental Reactions with the right team, and this set will
provide an extra DMG bonus when these reactions occur.
With this set, here are the
main stats and substats
you should choose.
Type of Artifact
Main Stat
Substats
Sands of Eon
ATK% or Elemental Mastery
CRIT DMG, CRIT Rate, ATK%, Elemental Mastery
Goblet of Eonothem
Pyro DMG Bonus
CRIT DMG, CRIT Rate, ATK%, Elemental Mastery
Circlet of Logos
CRIT DMG or CRIT Rate
CRIT DMG, CRIT Rate, ATK%, Elemental Mastery
Considering Diluc gets his CRIT Rate raised when ascended, you should
focus more on getting CRIT DMG
out of his artifacts. Make sure to pay attention to ATK and Elemental Mastery as well, to give him an overall buff to his Physical DMG and Elemental Reactions.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Bennett Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Diluc's Best 5-Star & 4-Star Weapons
Luckily, since Diluc can be built on ATK, Elemental Mastery, and CRIT stats,
there are a lot of weapon choices for him, including Free-to-Play options.
To pick the best weapon for him, we will go over a few contenders for the Pyro Main DPS.
5-Star Weapons: Wolf's Gravestone & Redhorn Stonethresher
Wolf's Gravestone will give Diluc a base increase of 10.8 percent to his ATK. Its Bonus Skill will increase ATK further by 20 percent. On hit, attacks against opponents with less than 30 percent HP will increase all party members' ATK by 40 percent for 12 seconds. This can only occur once every 30 seconds. Wolf's Gravestone is
Diluc's signature weapon and is ideal for raising his ATK stats to the highest possible level.
This way, he will have powerful Physical DMG and Pyro DMG attacks.
Redhorn Stonethresher will give Diluc a base increase of 19.2 percent to his CRIT DMG. Its Bonus Skill will increase DEF by 28 percent. Normal and Charged Attack DMG will increase by 40 percent of Diluc's DEF. While your Diluc build most likely won't have incredibly high DEF stats,
the boost to CRIT DMG is what makes this weapon a winner for him.
It will also increase his DEF if it is low, so you can receive an additional boost to his Normal and Charged Attack DMG.
4-Star Weapons: Serpent Spine & Prototype Archaic
Serpent Spine will give Diluc a base increase of 6 percent to his CRIT Rate. Its Bonus Skill will allow Diluc to deal 6 percent more DMG and take 3 percent more DMG every 4 seconds a character is on field. This effect has a maximum of 5 stacks and won't reset if Diluc leaves the field, but will be reduced by 1 stack when he takes DMG. Serpent Spine can be obtained through the Battle Pass, so it won't be a free weapon, but it is a great 4-Star option if you can't get your hands on the 5-Stars.
It will increase his CRIT Rate significantly, and give him a damage boost to all of his attacks.
Prototype Archaic will give Diluc a base increase of 6 percent to his ATK. Its Bonus Skill will allow Normal or Charged Attacks, on hit, to have a 50 percent chance to deal an additional 240 percent ATK DMG to opponents in a small Area of Effect. This can only occur once every 15 seconds. A true Free-to-Play option that you can craft, Prototype Archaic is a
surprisingly good weapon that will give a massive bonus to Diluc's ATK DMG.
With this weapon, Diluc will have incredible Physical DMG from his Normal Attack, so when you run out of Pyro Infusion, you can still knock enemies out.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Xingqiu Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Diluc's Best Team Compositions
Diluc's ability to apply Pyro swiftly and in a large Area of Effect is why he is a
great option for a multitude of teams to create Elemental Reactions.
You can pair him with just about any character in the game, however, there are a few teams that he works particularly well with.
5-Star Team
In this team, Diluc will be able to create the
Melt Elemental Reaction
after
Ganyu applies Cryo
to enemies. Kokomi can be swapped out for Diona, as Diona is a more ideal option but if you prefer to have a 5-Star, then Kokomi will do the job.
Character
Character Type and Benefits
Ganyu
Sub-DPS, Can provide consistent Cryo Application to create Melt Elemental Reaction.
Kazuha
Support, Can provide crowd control and buff Elemental Reactions with Swirl.
Kokomi
Support and Healer, Can provide consistent Hydro application and heal the whole party.
4-Star Team
This team is one of the best for Diluc, and doesn't require any other 5-Star characters. However, you can swap out Sucrose for Kazuha if you prefer, but Sucrose will provide great support as well. Diluc will be able to
create the Vaporize Reaction
with this team, and will have his damage buffed significantly by Bennett.
Character
Character Type and Benefits
Xingqiu
Sub-DPS, Can provide consistent off-field Hydro DMG to create Vaporize Reaction.
Bennett
Support, Can provide great healing and a large ATK Buff to the team.
Sucrose
Support, Can provide crowd control and raise Elemental DMG through Swirl Reaction.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: Barbara Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Video Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Whose Section Did You Enjoy Playing The Most In Resident Evil Requiem?
Grace
Grace
54.5%
Leon
Leon
45.5%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Abragames Launches Charm Offensive to Attract International Eyes to Brazil's Gaming Industry
10 Resident Evil Requiem Story Details That Show the Series Is Finally Taking Bigger Narrative Risks
Ubisoft’s AI Hiring Wave Reveals How Assassin’s Creed Could Change Forever