Diluc is a playable Pyro character in Genshin Impact. He is one of the most powerful and thus popular champions. We decided to write this guide to help you learn more about Diluc. In our Genshin Impact Diluc Build and Best Team Comp post you will learn about Diluc’s talents, how they work and how to upgrade them. Also, you will read about his Constellations that will help you make Diluc even more powerful. After that, we have written Genshin Impact Diluc Build where you’ll see weapon and artifact set. And at last, we have mentioned the best team comps for Diluc as the Main DPS hero.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
The whole information is presented in tables. You can use the navigation bar above to move quickly to the information block that you are most interested in.
Talents
Constellations
Build
Team
Diluc Build
Below you can see the best weapon option for playing Diluc in Genshin Impact. Accompanied by the best Diluc artifact set and its stat priorities.
Main DPS Build
If you play this champion as a Main DPS in your comp you should take the weapon and artifacts from the list below. They are believed to be the most effective ones in almost all situations.
Weapon
Wolf’s Gravestone
Weapon Substitutes:
Skyward Pride
,
Serpent Spine
,
Prototype Archaic
.
Artifact Set
Crimson Witch of Flames
(4-Piece)
Artifact Main Stats Priority:
ATK%
Pyro DMG Bonus
CRIT Rate / CRIT DMG
Sub Stats Priority: CRIT Rate > CRIT DMG > ATK% > Elemental Mastery
Talent Priority
Tempered Sword > Dawn > Searing Onslaught
Best Team Compositions for Diluc
When you play Genshin Impact everything depends not only on your main character but also on the composition. You should learn how elements complement each other and build the best team for your main. Below you can see the best team composition for Diluc with two sub DPS and one Support. Also, we have included alternative characters for each role that go well with Diluc too.
The party that you see above is focused on dealing huge burst damage as you pair Diluc with characters that can provide the strongest Elemental Reactions currently available – Vaporize. Xingqiu is the best for applying Hydro, while Bennett can heal and increase your party damage. Kazuha will pull enemies together, allowing Diluc to deal AoE damage to all of them.
Good characters for this comp:
Sucrose, Jean, Zhongli, Chongyun, Rosaria, Kaeya, Diona, Barbara.
If you want to know more about every teammate for Diluc you can click on the link below and find them in the list of all Genshin Impact characters that we have described.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
In case you are still not sure what champion you want to pick as main we have
Genshin Impact characters tier list
with explanations on how to build your best team.
Diluc Talents
Below you can see the list of talents that Diluc uses during the fight. Each of them we have described with the main characteristics.
Tempered Sword
Normal Attack
Normal Attack:
Perform up to 4 consecutive strikes.
Charged Attack:
Drains Stamina over time to perform continuous slashes. At the end of the sequence, perform a more powerful slash.
Plunging Attack:
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Searing Onslaught
Elemental Skill
Performs a forward slash that deals Pyro DMG.
This skill can be consecutively used 3 times. Enters CD if not cast again within a short period.
Dawn
Elemental Burst
Releases intense flames to knock back nearby opponents, dealing Pyro DMG.
The flames then converge into the weapon, summoning a Phoenix that flies forward and deals massive Pyro DMG to all opponents in its path. The Phoenix explodes upon reaching its destination, causing a large amount of AoE Pyro DMG.
The searing flames that run down his blade cause it to be infused with Pyro.
Relentless
1st Ascension Passive
Diluc’s Charged Attack Stamina Cost is decreased by 50%, and its duration is increased by 3s.
Blessing of Phoenix
4th Ascension Passive
The Pyro Infusion provided by Dawn lasts for 4s longer. Additionally, Diluc gains 20% Pyro DMG Bonus during the duration of this effect.
Tradition of the Dawn Knight
Utility Passive
Refunds 15% of the ores used when crafting Claymore-type weapons.
Every talent can be upgraded up to level 15. But to do so you will need to gather materials on particular days. The list of the needed materials for leveling Diluc’s talents is mentioned in the next block.
Talent Leveling Materials
So here you can see all materials that you will need in order to level up Diluc’s talents.
Talent Level-Up Materials
Resistance Books:
Teachings of Resistance
,
Guide to Resistance
,
Philosophies of Resistance
.
Common Ascension Materials
Recruit’s Insignia
,
Sergeant’s Insignia
,
Lieutenant’s Insignia
.
Weekly Boss Material
Dvalin’s Plume
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
Some of them are required at the beginning for low levels and others are more advanced. We just wanted to focus your attention on material types in general.
Diluc Constellations
In Genshin Impact characters have a specific upgrade system called constellation. You will need to get a specific item called Stella Fortuna to increase the level of constellation. Each character has their own version of Stella Fortuna, which you get by obtaining a duplicate of the character from Wishes.
Level 1
Conviction
Diluc deals 15% more DMG to opponents whose HP is above 50%.
Level 2
Searing Ember
When Diluc takes DMG, his ATK increases by 10% and his ATK SPD increases by 5%. Lasts for 10s.
This effect can stack up to 3 times and can only occur once every 1.5s.
Level 3
Fire and Steel
Increases the Level of Searing Onslaught by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4
Flowing Flame
Casting Searing Onslaught in rhythm greatly increases damage dealt.
2s after casting Searing Onslaught, casting the next Searing Onslaught in the combo deals 40% additional DMG. This effect lasts for 2s.
Level 5
Phoenix, Harbinger of Dawn
Increases the Level of Dawn by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6
Flaming Sword, Nemesis of the Dark
After casting Searing Onslaught, the next 2 Normal Attacks within the next 6s will have their DMG and ATK SPD increased by 30%.
Additionally, Searing Onslaught will not interrupt the Normal Attack combo.
Every Genshin Impact character has its own set of constellations above you can see Diluc constellations list with descriptions.
Ascension Materials
In addition, there are ascension phases that increase the level cap for your character. After Diluc reaches the 20th level he can be ascended to the next ascension phase, up to phase 6, which allow getting 90th level.
Character Ascension Materials
Agnidus Agate:
Agnidus Agate Sliver
,
Agnidus Agate Fragment
,
Agnidus Agate Chunk
,
Agnidus Agate Gemstone
.
Everflame Seed
Common Ascension Materials
Recruit’s Insignia
,
Sergeant’s Insignia
,
Lieutenant’s Insignia
.
Local Specialty
Small Lamp Grass
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
In order to level up ascension phases, you’ll need materials. So the list of those required for Diluc is listed above.
Artem R.
I have been an avid gamer since childhood. My favorite genres are RPGs, Action, and MMOs. Some of my all-time favorite games include the Diablo and Path of Exile ARPG series, the Dark Souls series, and JRPGs like Xenoblade, Atelier, and the Final Fantasy. I am also a big fan of the PSP and PS Vita, and I currently enjoy gaming on my Nintendo Switch.
Post Views:
9,714
Please share it with your friends
Tags:
Genshin Impact
Post navigation
Previous
Path of Exile Emblems Guide
Next
WoW Burning Crusade Classic Class Picking Guide