Best Party Setups For Anemo Traveler In Genshin Impact
By
Sanyam Jain
Published
Apr 18, 2023, 2:45 PM EDT
Sanyam Jain is a Staff Writer at TheGamer who has worked as a professional gaming journalist since 2022. A Journalism and Mass Communication graduate, he has been testing the limits of the games he plays for as long as he can remember.
An expert in RPG, Open-World, and Gacha games, Sanyam's articles are based on hours upon hours of testing with every new character, mechanic, or puzzle to ensure that you get every information you'll need about it.
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Vaporize Damage Buff Team
Aggravate Buff Traveler
Hyperbloom Everywhere
Mono Anemo Traveler
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
When a new character is released in
Genshin Impact
, they can usually manipulate only one element with their vision. Though things are different for the main character of the game. As soon as you get past the first cutscene, you'll play as Anemo Traveler who can use a dynamic skill set.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best Build For Electro Traveler
Apart from that, Traveler can also switch their elements by resonating with the Statue of the Seven in specific regions. You can use Anemo Traveler after resonating with the statues in Mondstadt, and there are a bunch of teams where this character can find a home.
Vaporize Damage Buff Team
Traveler
Hu Tao
Xingqiu
Zhongli
Ever since the release of Genshin Impact, Vaporize has been one of the best reactions in the game. This
occurs when the Pyro element is applied to an enemy who already has the Hydro effect on them
. Alternatively, you can apply Hydro to a Pyro enemy to trigger reverse-Vaporize, which deals lesser damage.
Successfully triggering Vaporize
doubles the damage dealt by the attack that triggers this reaction
.
This can be great if the Pyro attack deals a lot of damage from characters like Hu Tao.
The director of Wangsheng Funeral Parlor is a five-star limited character, so not everyone will have her. As a replacement, you can use Yanfei on this team. If you want to make a reverse-Vaporize team,
both Hu Tao and Xingqiu can be switched with Xiangling and Childe respectively
.
Zhongli is also a flexible character, and you can use any shielder in his place. Though he is the best-in-slot since
his shield not only protects your character but also reduces the Elemental RES of nearby opponents
. Zhongli and Bennett are the best support characters in the game, though you can't use the latter with Hu Tao.
The Traveler's job in all the following reaction-based teams
including this is to buff the damage dealt by all the elements involved
.
This can only be done if you use the four-piece Viridescent Venerer set on them.
The rotation for this team can be a little tricky:
Start off by using Zhongli's Elemental Skill and giving yourself a shield.
Try to do this far away from the enemies so that your pillar doesn't trigger crystallize
with other elements.
Next, switch over to Hu Tao and use her Elemental Burst. The Burst doesn't deal as much damage when you're not in your Elemental Skill,
but it's important to apply Pyro to the opponents
.
Go to Traveler and use their Elemental Skill to Swirl Pyro
before switching to Xingqiu and using his Skill and Burst
.
Finally,
use Traveler's Elemental Burst to Swirl Hydro and group the enemies together
before you switch to Hu Tao and attack with her Elemental Skill.
Once this rotation is executed properly,
you'll find yourself dealing very high Hydro and Pyro damage
because of the RES shred from Traveler and Zhongli. You can also use a second Hydro character instead of Zhongli to increase Hu Tao's Max HP, but you'll have to work hard to avoid damage since she's always low HP.
Aggravate Buff Traveler
Traveler
Nahida
Raiden Shogun
Yaoyao
Another reaction that can give you as much value as the Vaporize reaction, if not more, is the Quicken reaction. This reaction was released in the Version 3.0 update alongside Sumeru and the Dendro element. Whenever Electro and Dendro are applied to the same opponent, the Quicken reaction occurs.
This reaction doesn't do much by itself,
but it can buff your next Dendro or Electro attack
, whichever comes first.
If the damage of the Electro attack is increased, it's called Aggravate, while it's Spread if the Dendro attack gets enhanced.
The best part about this team composition is that you don't have to worry too much about creating Swirl with the right elements. Dendro doesn't react with Anemo in the first place, so
you'll always trigger Electro Swirl as far as the enemy doesn't have any other element applied
through the environment.
Nahida and Raiden Shogun are the Archons of Sumeru and Inazuma respectively,
and they're one of the best characters for their respective element
. You can always replace them with other characters but you'll never get as much value. Moreover, Dendro Resonance is also important for this team.
When you have two or more Dendro characters in your team,
every party member gets an extra 50 Elemental Mastery
.
This Mastery is increased further if you trigger a Quicken or Spread reaction, which is commonly triggered in this team.
Elemental Mastery is the stat that
determines the damage dealt by Aggravate, Spread, and Swirl reactions in the team
. The rotation for this team is quite flexible since both Nahida and Raiden Shogun can
apply their respective elements for a long time after using their Elemental Skill
.
You only have to pay attention and use Yaoyao's healing at the right time. It can also be a little hard to Swirl Electro
since the Dendro application might overshadow the Electro on the opponent
.
Hyperbloom Everywhere
Traveler
Yae Miko
Collei
Sangonomiya Kokomi
The bloom reaction occurs when Hydro and Dendro meet, which spawns a Dendro Core on the field. By itself,
this core explodes after a few seconds and deals damage to the enemies and party members in an area
. Though the magic of this team starts when Electro is applied to this Dendro Core.
This makes it
turn into an orb and fly to a random nearby enemy to deal high damage
. This also prevents your party members from taking any damage, not that it matters since Kokomi can heal it off in no time. This team is fantastic against single-target boss enemies that have a ton of health.
The Electro attack needs to occur in an area
so that the element is applied to the Dendro Core
, which is why Yae Miko is perfect in this team.
Here's what the rotation for this team will look like:
Start with placing Yae Miko's kitsune on the field since they last for 14 seconds each.
This will apply Electro on the enemies and already start dealing regular damage
.
With Electro applied,
switch over to Anemo Traveler and Swirl Electro to decrease the opponent's RES
by 40 percent.
Finally, use Collei's and Kokomi's abilities to start triggering Bloom.
Constant Hydro application from the latter will help you a lot here
.
It's recommended to use the
Sacrificial Bow
on Collei for this team as it'll help you apply more Dendro from her Skill.
It will also make it easier for you to get her Burst
, which is the main Dendro application source in this team.
Mono Anemo Traveler
Traveler
Wanderer
Faruzan
Kaedehara Kazuha
Mono Anemo team can be great against opponents who have an inherent element like Slimes,
but the team becomes even greater when you use constellation six Anemo Traveler
. The constellation decreases the Anemo RES of opponents hit by their Burst by 20 percent, which stacks with Faruzan's buffs.
Faruzan
reduces the opponents' Anemo RES and gives party members extra Anemo DMG
from her abilities.
Moreover, characters who deal Anemo DMG through any ability or attack will have their damage increased by 32 percent.
Kazuha's job in this team is to group the enemies up
so that they can all take damage from Wanderer's Charged Attack during his skill
. Here's what the rotation for this team will look like:
Start with Traveler's Elemental Skill and Burst to
reduce the enemy's Anemo RES by 20 percent
. This will also reduce their RES to any other element that is Swirled.
Switch over to Kazuha and use his abilities to group these enemies together. After that,
you can quickly use Faruzan's Skill and Burst before switching to Wanderer
.
Use Wanderer's Elemental Skill and
constantly perform Charged Attacks until the bar is almost depleted
. Use your Burst right at the end to save some time.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: Best Weapons For Cyno
Live-Service Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
24.7%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
20.1%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.7%
007 First Light
007 First Light
8.9%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.7%
Other
Other
22.0%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Take-Two CEO Says If AI Is Going To Take Anyone's Job, It Will Probably Be Elon Musk's
Seriously, Why Don't We Have More Good Pirate Games?
Vampire Crawlers Reviews Fall Short Of The Lofty Standard Set By Survivors