Updated on: July 24
Welcome to PocketGamers’ detailed
Genshin Impact Traveler Anemo guide
! Aether or Lumine, depending on whether you chose the male or female sibling, are from another world and attacked by an Unknown God. Facing insurmountable odds against this powerful being, they are whisked away and trapped in the land known as Teyvat. Quickly after, you meet up with your essential, if a bit rude, travel companion Paimon, and she helps you get your bearings in this new world.
In the guide below you will find the following features:
Anemo Appearance
Character Element / Tier / Rarity / Weapon
Anemo / D Tier / 5* Rarity / Sword
In
Genshin Impact
The Traveler begins the game without an elemental alignment, but after using the first Statue of the Seven in Mondstadt, they receive their Anemo powers. Beyond that, if the Traveler visits a Statue of the Seven in Liyue, they can imbue themselves with Geo powers instead.
How to get Traveler (Anemo)
The Traveler is the character you begin the game with and is not featured in any wishes.
Combat Info (Strengths and Weaknesses)
Strengths
With the ability to utilize the Traveler’s normal attack as a way to apply Anemo, you can create some decent reactions with minimal effort by spreading other elements with a gust of wind.
Throwing enemies around like ragdolls with the Traveler’s Elemental Skill, Palm Vortex, not only gets a bunch of enemies out of your face quickly but can throw them off ledges into the water, causing them to drown.
Your Burst summons a tornado that will carry enemies away and combine with other elemental effects, attacking them multiple times on their way.
Weaknesses
It can be exhausting waiting for your skills to cool down, leaving you open to attack.
You are completely immobile while charging up your Palm Vortex, which is also dangerous.
Genshin Impact Anemo Best Build
It’s best to pair the Traveler with the Skyward Blade and Viridescent Venerer artifacts, as it will embolden their Anemo damage. Their Anemo will also amplify Swirl reactions and provide the party with an additional boost to dropping enemy elemental resistance
Traveler (Anemo) – Best Artifacts and Weapons
Viridescent Venerer
ATK% / Anemo DMG / ATK%
Set Bonuses:
(2) Gain a 15% Anemo DMG Bonus.
(4) Increases Swirl DMG by 60%. Decreases opponent’s Elemental RES to the element infused in the Swirl by 40% for 10s.
How to Obtain:
Valley of Remembrance Domain rewards
Skyward Blade
Base Attack:
46
Rating:
5*
Bonus Effect:
Energy Recharge + 12.0%
Skill: (Sky-piercing Fang) CRIT Rate increased by 4%. Gains Skypiercing Might upon using an Elemental
Burst:
Increases Movement SPD by 10%, increases ATK SPD by 10%, and increases the DMG of Normal and Charged Attack hits by 20% for 12s.
How to Obtain: Gacha pull
Best Party Members to match with Anemo in Genshin Impact
Premium (Gacha) Team
While the Traveler Anemo can fit into nearly any team in
Genshin Impact
with a relatively versatile Element and skill set, their primary function in a team is to support by using their Elemental Skill and Burst to help manage crowds of enemies and amplify elemental reactions damage with the spread due to their Anemo gusts.
The Traveler is best paired with Klee as the DPS, as her bombs can be lifted and carried away with Anemo skills, doing additional damage. Childe can also use his bow as a strong source of DPS after enemies are launched away from the group, and can also pair with the explosions from Klee for additional reactions. Fischl is a great choice for support, as Oz can swoop in and cause some serious damage while waiting for cooldowns to lift.
F2P Team
While it’s not as strong of a team, the Traveler can be used as crowd control to support the rest of the team, while Amber can throw out her doll to be a distraction and offer Pyro attacks to the mix. Use Xiangling as your DPS as her Pyro effects stay on the field, lighting enemies on fire and offering an opportunity to spread effects. Barbara is a great addition as a Support, as she can both heal and deal damage at the same time with her skill and burst. With this much Pyro on your team, you can expect many Vaporize reactions!
Talents / Skills / Passive
Foreign Ironwind
– Normal Attack
Normal:
Perform up to 5 consecutive strikes.
Charged: Consumes a certain amount of Stamina to unleash 2 rapid sword strikes.
Plunge Attack: Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging enemies along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Skill Attributes:
1-Hit DMG – 44.5%
2-Hit DMG – 43.4%
3-Hit DMG – 53.0
4-Hit DMG – 58.3%
5-Hit DMG – 70.8%
Charged Attack DMG –
55.9%+72.2%
Charged Attack Stamina Cost –
20.0
Plunge DMG –
63.9%
Low/High Plunge DMG –
128%/160%
Palm Vortex
– Elemental Skill
Normal:
Grasping the wind’s might, you form a vortex of vacuum in your palm, causing continuous Anemo DMG to enemies in front of you. The vacuum vortex explodes when the skill duration ends, causing a greater amount of Anemo DMG over a larger area.
Hold Attack: DMG and AoE will gradually increase.
Elemental Absorption: If the vortex comes into contact with Hydro/Pyro/Cryo/Electro elements, it will deal additional DMG of that type. Elemental Absorption may only occur once per use.
Skill Attributes:
Initial Cutting DMG –
12%
Max Cutting DMG –
16.8%
Initial Storm DMG –
176%
Max Storm DMG –
192%
Base CD –
5s
Max Charging CD –
8s
Gust Surge – Elemental Burst
Guiding the path of the wind currents, you summon a forward-moving tornado that pulls objects and opponents towards itself, dealing continuous Anemo DMG.
Elemental Absorption
If the tornado comes into contact with Hydro/Pyro/Cryo/Electro elements, it will deal additional DMG of that type. Elemental Absorption may only occur once per use.
Skill Attributes
Tornado DMG –
80.8%
Additional Elemental DMG –
24.8%
Duration –
6s
CD –
15.0s
Energy Cost –
60
Slitting Wind – 1st Ascension Passive
The last hit of a Normal Attack combo unleashes a wind blade, dealing 60% of ATK as Anemo DMG to all opponents in its path.
Second Wind – 4th Ascension Passive
Palm Vortex kills renegerate 2% HP for 5s. This effect can only occur once every 5s.
Talent Leveling Materials
Gained from Enemy Drops (Samachurls):
Divining Scroll
Sealed Scroll
Forbidden Curse Scroll
Acquired from Domains (Monday/Thursday/Sunday):
Teachings of Freedom
Guide to Freedom
Guide to Resistance
Guide to Ballad
Philosophies of Freedom
Philosophies of Resistance
Philosophies of Ballad
Obtained after defeating Bosses (Dvalin):
Dvalin’s Sigh
Constellations
Raging Vortex
Palm Vortex pulls in enemies within a 5m radius.
Uprising Whirlwind
Increases Energy Recharge by 16%.
Sweeping Gust
Increases the Level of Gust Surge by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Cherishing Breezes
Reduces DMG taken while casting Palm Vortex by 10%.
Vortex Stellaris
Increases the Level of Palm Vortex by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Intertwined Winds
Targets who take DMG from Gust Surge have their Anemo RES decreased by 20%. If an Elemental Absorption occurred, then their RES towards the corresponding Element is also decreased by 20%.
Ascensions costs
Phase 1
Lv.20→Lv.40
Mora Cost: 20,000
Windwheel Aster x3
Brilliant Diamond Sliver x1
Damaged Mask x3
Phase 2
Lv.40→Lv.50
Mora Cost: 40,000
Windwheel Aster x10
Brilliant Diamond Fragment x3
Damaged Mask x15
Phase 3
Lv.50→Lv.60
Mora Cost: 60,000
Windwheel Aster x20
Brilliant Diamond Fragment x6
Stained Mask x12
Phase 4
Lv.60→Lv.70
Mora Cost: 80,000
Windwheel Aster x30
Brilliant Diamond Chunk x3
Stained Mask x18
Phase 5
Lv.70→Lv.80
Mora Cost: 100,000
Windwheel Aster x45
Brilliant Diamond Chunk x6
Ominous Mask x12
Phase 6 (MAX)
Lv.80→Lv.90
Mora Cost: 120,000
Windwheel Aster x60
Brilliant Diamond Gemstone x6
Ominous Mask x24
Base Stats
At Level 1, Traveler starts with 912 HP, 18 ATK, and 57 DEF.
Wishes / Availability
In Genshin Impact AnemoTraveler is not featured in any wishes or timed events.
You know, we also have a
Genshin Impact tier list
if you want to check how well does Anemo performs in comparison to other characters!
Want more?
Check out our 25 other
Genshin Impact tips, guides and walkthroughs
!
Latest Articles | Pocket Gamer
Source link
Related Post:
Genshin Impact Traveler (Geo) Guide | Articles
Genshin Impact Character Tier List: Swirl (Anemo)
Genshin Impact Fishing guide | All Genshin Impact fishing spots and fishing bait
Octopath Traveler launched three years ago today, now Square Enix teases a ‘new journey’
Octopath Traveler Teases Sequel On Its Third Anniversary
Electro Traveler gameplay video and abilities leaked
Genshin Impact Klee Guide | Articles
Genshin Impact Mona Guide | Articles
Genshin Impact Lisa Guide | Articles
Genshin Impact Noelle Guide – best build, strengths and weaknesses | Articles