The Best Sigewinne Build In Genshin Impact
By
Sanyam Jain
Published
Jun 27, 2024, 6:30 PM EDT
Sanyam Jain is a Staff Writer at TheGamer who has worked as a professional gaming journalist since 2022. A Journalism and Mass Communication graduate, he has been testing the limits of the games he plays for as long as he can remember.
An expert in RPG, Open-World, and Gacha games, Sanyam's articles are based on hours upon hours of testing with every new character, mechanic, or puzzle to ensure that you get every information you'll need about it.
Add Us On
Jump links
Genshin Impact: Complete Guide
Jump Links
Best Sigewinne Builds
Sigewinne Artifact Stat Priority
Sigewinne Talent Priority
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Thread
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Every year,
Genshin Impact's
journey takes you to a new region with its unique aura and story. The most exciting part of entering these regions is being able to get new characters hailing from it. During the Version 4.7 update,
Sigewinne
was released as a playable character from Fontaine.
Related
Genshin Impact: How To Defeat The Knave - Arlecchino
The Knave is one of the hardest bosses to beat in Genshin Impact, but you can make it a little easier if you keep a few simple mechanics in mind.
Posts
By
Sanyam Jain
Sigewinne is a five-star Hydro character using a bow as her weapon. While she's quite cute, you might not find much use for her in the meta. However, if you're still planning to build this character, here are a few things you should know.
Best Sigewinne Builds
Before diving into the builds you can have on Sigewinne, it's first important to get a rough idea of what she does. Essentially, Sigewinne's Elemental Skill can be unleashed on the enemies, where it
bounces up to four times and provides healing to the entire team
. You can increase the damage of these bounces by dealing Elemental Skill DMG from other characters.
She also spawns two Sourcewater Droplets that can
help her get a bit of extra Energy and give more healing
. Her Elemental Burst, on the other hand, simply deals damage in a large area for a few seconds and absorbs up to two Droplets nearby instantly.
Sigewinne heals herself at the end of her Skill,
allowing her
BoL from the Droplets
to stay for longer
.
With all that in mind, here are the
builds you should go for
to get the most value from Sigewinne:
Support/Healer Build
Artifact Sets
4pc Song of Days Past, 2pc Vourukasha's Glow and 2pc Tenacity of the Millelith
Weapons
Silvershower Heartstrings
,
Recurve Bow
This is the build that most players using Sigewinne would want to go for as it
brings out the maximum potential from the healing side of her kit
. While giving her some extra healing, the Song of Days Past set also increases the DMG dealt by other party members' attacks based on the accumulated healing in six seconds.
However, you
might fall short on the HP requirement with this set
. If that happens, you can go for the two-piece sets mentioned above instead as
they both provide 20 percent more HP
, giving you 40 percent HP with just the two sets.
You'll need
at least 50,000 HP on Sigewinne once you have her fully built
if you want to get the maximum benefit.
Unfortunately, whenever an HP-scaling healer gets released to the game, finding a good weapon for them is always a struggle. This is true even in Sigewinne's case as you can either use her signature weapon with this build or
go all the way down to a three-star Recurve Bow
for its HP sub-stat and extra HP gain.
Thankfully, since a three-star weapon is the best F2P option for this build, you'll
likely have it to Refinement Five
quite early in the game.
DPS Sigewinne Build
Artifact Set
Emblem Of Severed Fate
Weapons
Silvershower Heartstrings
,
Aqua Simulacra
,
Favonius Warbow
Before getting started with this build, it's worth mentioning that you'll only get proper value from it if you spend some bucks to get Sigewinne's constellations or
get some absolute godly rolls on your artifacts
. The former will still give you far more value since her C2 reduces the
enemy's Hydro RES
and C6 gives her extra Crit Rate and DMG.
If you're planning to deal some damage with Sigewinne, targeting your Burst is the
best bet since it deals loads of damage
, and its duration can also increase with C4. The best artifact set to do just that is the Emblem of Severed Fate, as it gives you increased Burst DMG based on your Energy Recharge.
Of course, this means that you'll also have to
get some Energy Recharge rolls on your artifacts
apart from the already ridiculous requirements for this build.
Favonius Warbow is your best bet for this build if you're an F2P, but once again,
you'll get a lot more value with her signature or Aqua Simulacra
.
Sigewinne Artifact Stat Priority
Depending on the build you're going for, you'll need to prioritize different stats on your artifacts. Of course, getting decent stats for the
support build will be much easier
than the DPS one.
Gear Type
Main Stat Priority
Sub Stat Priority
Support
DPS
Support
DPS
Flower
HP
HP Percent > Energy Recharge
Crit DMG/Rate > HP Percent > Energy Recharge
Feather
ATK
HP Percent > Energy Recharge
Crit DMG/Rate > HP Percent > Energy Recharge
Sands
HP percent
Energy Recharge/HP Percent
Energy Recharge > Crit Rate
Crit DMG/Rate > HP Percent > Energy Recharge
Goblet
HP Percent
Hydro DMG Bonus
Energy Recharge > Crit Rate
Crit DMG/Rate > HP Percent > Energy Recharge
Circlet
Healing Bonus
Crit Rate/DMG
HP Percent > Energy Recharge
Crit DMG/Rate > HP Percent > Energy Recharge
While not necessary, you can still have some
Energy Recharge and Crit Rate on the support build
to deal a bit of Burst DMG.
On the other hand, it's
important to have all four stats mentioned on the DPS build
for every artifact if you want to get good value from it.
Of course, building Crit or HP will be much easier
if you have some of her constellations and specific weapons
, reducing the load on her DPS artifacts.
Sigewinne Talent Priority
The order in which you should upgrade Sigewinne's talents is
fairly straightforward regardless of the build
you're going for:
For the support build, you should
focus on her Elemental Skill
fully first to increase the overall healing and then upgrade her Burst.
On the other hand, you'd want to focus on
her Burst first for the DPS build
, but you'd want to max out the Skill as quickly as possible too.
At the end of the day, you d
on't have to upgrade her Normal Attacks
for either of the builds since you'll never be using them.
Next
Genshin Impact: How To Defeat Guardian of Apep's Oasis
Here's how to find and defeat the Guardian of Apep's Oasis in Genshin Impact.
Posts
By
Rabiya Rizwan
Previous
Ascension Materials For Furina
All
Genshin Impact: Complete Guide
Next
Best Weapons For Sigewinne
Live-Service Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
26.2%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
19.8%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.1%
007 First Light
007 First Light
9.2%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.6%
Other
Other
21.1%
See Results
Submit
Read Next
Genshin Impact: Complete Guide
Ascension Materials For Furina
Best Weapons For Sigewinne
Best Team Compositions For Sigewinne