Yelan Build Guide - Genshin Impact
By
Nahda Nabiilah
Published
May 31, 2022, 12:14 PM EDT
Nahda Nabiilah is a writer and editor from Indonesia. She has always loved writing and playing games, so one day she decided to combine the two. Most of the time, writing gaming guides is a blast for her, due to it being two of Nahda's favorite things. She strives to make detailed and easy-to-follow guides.
Sign in to your
GameRant
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Yelan's Talent Overview
Best Artifacts For Yelan In Genshin Impact
Best Weapons For Yelan In Genshin Impact
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Yelan
Hydro
Bow
Liyue
Guides
Ascension
Builds
Weapons
Team Comp
Constellation
Player Mistakes
Back to All Characters
After weeks of delay, Yelan is finally here in
Genshin Impact
2.7. Fans who are getting tired of Kamisato Ayaka can, at last, spend their Primogems on a brand-new unit. As expected,
Yelan is a Bow user with a Hydro Vision
. Her origin is mostly a mystery, but she claims to work for Liyue's Ministry of Civil Affairs.
The majority of Yelan’s mechanics would be familiar to many as she's highly similar to Xingqiu. However, of course, since they wield a different weapon, players can expect Yelan to have a different build. When it comes to
Yelan's best build
in
Genshin Impact
, here are some things worth knowing.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best Weapons For Kamisato Ayaka
Yelan's Talent Overview
Like a
typical Sub-DPS in
Genshin Impact
, Yelan's Normal Attack is mostly negligible. However, her Breakthrough State allows this Talent to be leveled without being a waste.
Yelan’s Breakthrough State
After being out of combat for five seconds, Yelan's next Charged Attack will become a
Breakthrough Barb
. It has 80% reduced charge time and will deal AoE damage based on Yelan's max HP.
Note that being out of combat is not equal to being off-field
. So keeping Yelan from the field will not cause the Breakthrough State to return. Instead, players have to utilize her Elemental Skill to reset the cooldown.
Yelan’s Elemental Skill - Lingering Lifeline
Yelan's Elemental Skill causes her to dash quickly, marking enemies in her path. Once her dash ends, the mark will explode, dealing damage based on Yelan’s max HP. This ability has a Tap and Hold version.
The two are pretty much the same, but the Hold version allows players to dash around the area instead of charging in one direction only.
For each opponent marked by this Skill, Yelan has a 34% chance to reset her Breakthrough State. However,
don't mind this part too much, as Yelan is completely playable without her Breakthrough State
.
Lingering Lifeline generates around four Elemental Particles after it’s used, so Yelan isn’t a very bad
Genshin Impact
Battery
in general. Unfortunately, her Elemental Burst requires 70 Energy, so she won’t be able to refill her own ultimate without some extra Energy Recharge stat.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Is Vermillion Hereafter Good On Xiao?
Yelan’s Elemental Burst - Depth-Clarion Dice
Yelan deals AoE Hydro damage and then summons a dice that follows the active character around.
When the
Genshin Impact
character
uses a Normal Attack, the dice will attack along with them. This effect also triggers when Yelan’s Elemental Skill explodes.
Each time the dice attack, there will be three instances of damage
. This makes Yelan very similar to Xingqiu, where both can easily reset the Internal Cooldown for Elemental Reactions.
Yelan’s Ascension Passive
First Ascension Passive (A1)
: When the party has 1/2/3/4 Elemental Types, Yelan's Max HP is increased by 6%/12%/18%/30%.
Fourth Ascension Passive (A4)
: So long as her Elemental Burst is in play, the active character deals 1% more DMG. This increases by a further 3.5% DMG every second. The maximum increase to DMG dealt is 50%.
Yelan’s A1 basically promotes her to be played in a rainbow team. Nevertheless, it’s always important to remember that this only affects Yelan’s personal damage. So when it’s the team’s DPS that’s at stake, it’s not a bad idea to focus on powerful resonances like Geo or Pyro resonance.
Meanwhile, Yelan’s A4 is what sets her apart from
Genshin Impact's
Xingqiu
. While the Guhua Disciple provides protection, Yelan offers a more offensive approach. As long as her Elemental Burst is in play, the active character’s damage will continuously increase, up to 50%.
This can be a massive addition for powerhouses like Hu Tao. Note that Yelan’s A4 effect
only applies to the active character
, so off-field units won’t enjoy this buff.
Best Artifacts For Yelan In Genshin Impact
Artifact Sets
4-pieces Emblem Of Severed Fate
2-pieces Heart of Depths + 2-pieces Tenacity of the Millelith
2-pieces Heart of Depths + 2-pieces Noblesse Obliged
2-pieces Emblem Of Severed Fate + 2-pieces Heart of Depths
2-pieces Emblem Of Severed Fate + 2-pieces Tenacity of the Millelith
Yelan's damage will mostly come from her Elemental Burst, so 4-pieces Emblem Of Severed Fate is the best option for her. Other than that, players can mix 2-pieces of Heart of Depths, Tenacity of the Millelith, Noblesse Obliged, or Emblem Of Severed Fate.
The two pieces mix perform closely to each other, so Travelers should use the one with the best sub-stats
.
Artifact Main Stat
Timepiece
: Energy Recharge (ER) or HP
Goblet
: Hydro DMG Bonus
Circlet
: Crit Rate or Crit DMG
Travelers’ top priority with Yelan should be to make sure she has a 100% Burst uptime. For this, she may need an Energy Recharge Timepiece. The sweet spot with Yelan is around
200% ER, with the bare minimum being 180%
. If her ER requirements are fulfilled,
Genshin Impact
players can use HP Artifacts
instead.
Best Weapons For Yelan In Genshin Impact
Aqua Simulacra
Polar Star
Skyward Harp
Favonius Warbow
Thundering Pulse
Elegy For The End
Sacrificial Bow
Viridescent Hunt
Recurve Bow
Mouun's Moon
Yelan's absolute
best Bow in
Genshin Impact
is
Aqua Simulacra
. It performs a lot better than the rest of the options. For those who are skipping Yelan's best-in-slot weapon, they can opt for
Polar Star
,
Skyward Harp
, or
Favonius Warbow
. The three weapons are pretty close to each other in terms of Yelan’s personal damage, which may be shocking as Favonius Warbow is a F2P weapon.
Genshin Impact
is now available on Mobile, PC, PS4, and PS5. A Switch version is in development.
Strategy Guides
Genshin Impact
miHoYo
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which recently released Nintendo cozy game do you prefer?
Pokemon Pokopia
Pokemon Pokopia
56.8%
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
43.2%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
8:15
Black Flag Resynced: Everything Ubisoft is Getting Right
Final Fantasy 14 Reveals Massive Gameplay Changes in Evercold
Xbox Boss Outlines Plan to 'Fortify Game Pass' in Pivotal Shift