Best Kuki Shinobu Build In Genshin Impact
By
Nahda Nabiilah
Published
Jun 22, 2022, 10:00 AM EDT
Nahda Nabiilah is a writer and editor from Indonesia. She has always loved writing and playing games, so one day she decided to combine the two. Most of the time, writing gaming guides is a blast for her, due to it being two of Nahda's favorite things. She strives to make detailed and easy-to-follow guides.
Sign in to your
GameRant
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Shinobu
Electro
Sword
Inazuma
Guides
Ascension
Builds
Weapons
Team Comp
Constellation
Player Mistakes
Back to All Characters
Kuki Shinobu is the first Electro healer in
Genshin Impact
. Her ability to apply Electro off-field makes her a great unit to bring when players need a healer and enabler at the same time. However, in return for her great supportive abilities, Kuki Shinobu is rather lacking in the damage department.
Like many
Genshin Impact
characters
, she suffers from split-scaling, where people have to give up on one thing to boost her other thing.
To help players set up this character to work according to their preferred roles, here are the
best builds for Kuki Shinobu
in
Genshin Impact
.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Top F2P Friendly Characters
Kuki Shinobu's Best Support Build In Genshin Impact
Kuki Shinobu heals via her Elemental Skill, so she doesn’t need Energy Recharge to perform as a healer. Her Skill will also be the ability that can trigger Elemental reactions, making it the most important part of her kit. Meanwhile, the Arataki Gang Deputy’s Burst only exists to deal damage, making it far less significant than her Skill.
For a support Kuki Shinobu build, players will want to maximize her healing. Other than that, Travelers can also make her a buffer by equipping a certain weapon and Artifact set.
Best Weapons For Support Kuki Shinobu
Freedom-Sworn
Primordial Jade Cutter
Iron Sting
Freedom-Sworn
is the
best Sword for Kaedehara Kazuha in
Genshin Impact
. Due to the nature of the weapon that can provide a team-wide buff, this is currently also the best sword for Kuki Shinobu if she has a support build.
Both Freedom-Sworn and
Iron Sting
provide Elemental Mastery from their sub-stat. This is great as Elemental Mastery and also boosts Kuki Shinobu's healing amount. Although, of course, HP is still the better stat if players wish to maximize Kuki Shinobu's healing.
Because HP is the better option to maximize the Ex-Shrine Maiden's healing,
Primordial Jade Cutter
is a great option for her. Not only does it provide extra health, but all the HP that players accumulate will also be converted to attack, allowing Kuki to deal damage while supporting her team.
Best Artifacts For Support Kuki Shinobu
Artifact Main Stat
Timepiece: HP or Elemental Mastery
Goblet: HP or Elemental Mastery
Circlet: Healing Bonus
Artifact Set
4-Tenacity of the Millelith
4-Maiden Beloved
2-Maiden Beloved + 2-Ocean-Hued Clam
4-Ocean-Hued Clam
The difference in healing amount between HP and Elemental Mastery builds is not that stark, but can be significant enough if players are in dire need of healing. Travelers will notice around
500 to 1,000 less healing if they're playing Kuki Shinobu on Elemental Mastery
.
As for
her Artifact set in
Genshin Impact
,
4-Tenacity of the Millelith does not give the highest healing, but because Kuki Shinobu’s Skill deals damage every 1.5 seconds, she can continuously activate the Artifact's passive
that buffs the team's attack every 3 seconds. This will give more value to the party compared to players solely focusing on her healing.
However, if
Travelers insist on making her the best Healer
she can be, then 4-Maiden Beloved or 2-Maiden Beloved + 2-Ocean-Hued Clam are the best options.
Kuki Shinobu’s Best Damage Build In Genshin Impact
If players choose to play Kuki Shinobu as a Sub-DPS, then the best road to take is playing her as the trigger for Elemental reactions. This can either be an Electro-Charged or Overload reaction. Note that Superconduct does not deal enough damage to be worth it, so don't play Kuki Shinobu on Elemental Mastery in a Superconduct team.
Best Weapons For Sub-DPS Kuki Shinobu
Freedom-Sworn (Buff)
Primordial Jade Cutter
Haran Geppaku Futsu
Iron Sting
The Alley Flash
Mistsplitter Reforged
Lion's Roar
The Black Sword
Because players will want to maximize Kuki Shinobu's Elemental reaction damage, they should aim for the Elemental Mastery stat. Because of this,
Freedom-sworn and Iron Sting are the
best weapons for Kuki Shinobu
in
Genshin Impact
.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best Weapons For Barbara
Best Artifacts For Sub-DPS Kuki Shinobu
Artifact Main Stat
Timepiece: Elemental Mastery or HP
Goblet: Elemental Mastery or HP
Circlet: Elemental Mastery or Healing Bonus or Critical Rate or Critical Damage
Artifact Set
4-Ocean-Hued Clam
2-Tenacity of the Millelith + 2-Wanderer’s Troupe
4-Tenacity of the Millelith
For a
Sub-DPS Kuki Shinobu in
Genshin
Impact
, players should aim for triple Elemental Mastery Artifacts. It is still highly recommended to use her with 4-Tenacity of the Millelith, but if people wish to maximize the Ex-Shrine Maiden's personal damage, then 4-Ocean-Hued Clam is the way to go. Even though the damage from the bubble will not look very significant, it does stack up with the damage from her Elemental reaction.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Most Useful Ascension Passives
If Travelers
decide to use Ocean-Hued Clam in
Genshin Impact
, they can use Healing Bonus Circlet instead of Elemental Mastery. This way, they won't be losing that much damage, but at the same time, allows Kuki Shinobu to be a better Healer on the field.
Note that, even with this artifact set, HP main stat will still perform worse than Elemental Mastery. Therefore,
the priority should be to maximize Kuki Shinobu's reaction damage before her Ocean-Hued Clam bubble
.
Genshin Impact
is now available on Mobile, PC, PS4, and PS5. A Switch version is in development.
Strategy Guides
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which big Capcom franchise is your favorite?
Mega Man
Mega Man
25.1%
Resident Evil
Resident Evil
26.1%
Monster Hunter
Monster Hunter
12.9%
Street Fighter
Street Fighter
11.3%
Devil May Cry
Devil May Cry
12.9%
Other (A Capcom franchise not listed here)
Other (A Capcom franchise not listed here)
11.6%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Demon Slayer: 10 Anime Characters Who Could Rival Muzan
Pokemon TCG Live Making Big Changes in Upcoming April 2026 Update
6 Modern Anime That Do Powerscaling Better Than Dragon Ball