In Short
Kinich is a Dendro on-field Main-DPS with a focus on Burning and Burgeon reactions as he does considerably more damage when they are triggered.
The best teams of Kinich will trigger the Burning and Burgeon reaction and maximize his on-field damage output.
The best Kinich teams are Hyperbloom, Burning, and Burgeon teams.
Click Here to Add Beebom as a Trusted Source
Add as a preferred source on Google
Kinich is a 5-star Dendro Main-DPS who wields a Claymore and his kit is strong in Burning and Burgeon teams. Kinich’s kit enables him to latch on to enemies with his grappling hook and constantly deal Dendro damage with Loop shots. His damage considerably increases when the Burning or Burgeon reaction is triggered by nearby allies. The best teams of
Kinich
will need to have characters that can trigger the Burning or Burgeon reaction with consistency to maximize his damage. Here I have ranked the 5 best teams for Kinich in Genshin Impact.
5. Kinich-Yelan-Fischl-Nahida
Image Courtesy: Genshin Impact (Edited by Sanmay Chakrabarti)
One of the better teams for Kinich is a
Hyperbloom team
.
Although this is not Kinich’s ideal team, Hyperbloom Reaction still does an insane amount of damage alone, making it a very viable option. Pairing Kinich with a Hydro and an Electro unit with Kinich acting as a Dendro driver will let him easily trigger Hyperbloom. The best characters for this team are Yelan, Fischl or Kuki, and Nahida alongside Kinich.
4. Kinich-Emilie-Bennet-Zhongli
Image Courtesy: Genshin Impact (Edited by Sanmay Chakrabarti)
Kinich and
Emilie
combo is very strong
, even though Emilie doesn’t buff Kinich but instead acts as a Sub-DPS. Pairing Kinich with Bennet in this team will allow him to use the Burning reaction to both enhance his kit and Emilie’s.
Zhongli
is also a solid choice for this team to keep the team safe from taking damage or preventing knockbacks.
Related Articles
Genshin Impact Kinich Materials and Farming Guide
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Aug 20, 2024
Genshin Impact Kinich: Kit, Release Date & Best Build
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Aug 12, 2024
Genshin Impact Codes (April 2026)
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Apr 25, 2025
3. Kinich-Furina-Thoma-Bennet
Image Courtesy: Genshin Impact (Edited by Sanmay Chakrabarti)
Kinich also works great in Burgeon teams
, especially with
Furina
alongside him. Burgeon and burning reactions are perfect to trigger Kinich’s kit, and the damage taken by Kinich will only strengthen his damage with Furina in the team. Thoma is a great pick for this team alongside Bennet, perfectly enhancing Kinich’s kit to deal more damage.
2. Kinich-Xiangling-Emilie-Bennet
Image Courtesy: Genshin Impact (Edited by Sanmay Chakrabarti)
Kinich and Emilie’s combo is very strong, so it shouldn’t be surprising to see another version of their team comp as the best team alternative for Kinich. Instead of having Zhongli in the team to protect Kinich, adding
Xiangling increases the total damage output
of the team by a lot. With Xiangling’s addition, this team easily triggers the burning reaction, letting both Kinich and Emilie do their job of destroying enemies.
1. Kinich-Furina-Xiangling-Bennet
Image Courtesy: Genshin Impact (Edited by Sanmay Chakrabarti)
The
best Kinich team in Genshin Impact
will be a Burgeon team with Furina, Xiangling, and Bennet. This is the same team placed in 3rd position, with Thoma replaced with Xiangling to increase the damage output. Thoma may have a quicker CD compared to Xiangling, but she significantly increases the total damage output of the team, making it the best option for Kinich.
#Tags
#Genshin Impact
Sanmay Chakrabarti
An old soul who loves CRPGs and Souls-Like to death. Takes pleasure in simplifying "Complex and Hard" games for casual players with tailored guides and videos. He loves to explore new places, read fantasy fiction, watch anime, and create wacky character builds in his off time. He also loves solving puzzles,  and is proud of maintaining his long winning streak on NYT Connections.
Comments
0
Leave a Reply
Cancel reply
Add new comment
Name
Email ID
Δ
Loading comments...
Recommended Articles
Best Zibai Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Linnea Teams in Genshin Impact 6.5
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Illuga Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Varka Build, Kit, Teams and Materials
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Jahoda Build: Teams, Artifacts and Weapons
Sanmay Chakrabarti
How to Unlock Genshin Impact Witch's Homework Quest
Sanmay Chakrabarti
How to Get Genshin Impact Fortune Coins
Sanmay Chakrabarti
More In Gaming
Sailor Piece Guilds Guide
Ishan Adhikary
How to Get Guild Keys in Sailor Piece
Ishan Adhikary
How to Spawn Sea Beasts in Sailor Piece
Ishan Adhikary
How to Get Dragon Goddess Sword in Sailor Piece
Bipradeep Biswas
How to Get The World in Sailor Piece
Bipradeep Biswas
How to Get Cosmic Being in Sailor Piece
Bipradeep Biswas
How to Get World Outfit in Sailor Piece
Arnamoy Das