The Best Build, Weapons, Artifacts, And Team Members For Lauma In Genshin Impact
By
Sanyam Jain
Published
Sep 12, 2025, 5:30 AM EDT
Sanyam Jain is a Staff Writer at TheGamer who has worked as a professional gaming journalist since 2022. A Journalism and Mass Communication graduate, he has been testing the limits of the games he plays for as long as he can remember.
An expert in RPG, Open-World, and Gacha games, Sanyam's articles are based on hours upon hours of testing with every new character, mechanic, or puzzle to ensure that you get every information you'll need about it.
Add Us On
Summary
Generate a summary of this story
Jump links
Jump Links
Lauma Overview, Kit, And Talent Priority
Lauma's Kit, Explained
Lauma's Constellations, Explained
Lauma's Talent Priority
Lauma Best Weapons
Lauma Best Artifacts
Lauma Artifact Stat Priority
Lauma Best Team Compositions
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Thread
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
If you're a
Genshin Impact
player, the one thing you likely enjoy the most is the addition of new characters to the roster nearly every update. While each character release brings something new to the table, it gets much better when the character is from a new region since there's usually a new mechanic attached to them.
Related
Genshin Impact: Ineffa Build And Team Guide
Ineffa is the first character from Nod-Krai in Genshin Impact, and she brings a unique reaction to the game, making her quite strong.
Posts
By
Sanyam Jain
This is also the case with Lauma, who's a Dendro five-star character hailing from Nod-Krai. Not only does she deal some massive damage from her kit, but she can also act as one of the best support units for Bloom and Hyperbloom teams, bringing the reactions back into the meta.
Lauma Overview, Kit, And Talent Priority
Exploration
S+ Tier
Spiral Abyss
S+ Tier
Imaginarium Theater
S Tier
If you've been keeping up with everything released in Genshin Impact with Nod-Krai, you likely already know about Lunar reactions. These are special reactions that can usually be found in Nod-Krai character kits, and Lauma is the
perfect example of that as her kit revolves around the Lunar-Bloom reaction
for a large part.
When she's in the party, all Bloom reactions are converted to Lunar-Bloom, which provides
Verdant Dew to the team outside of doing everything else that Bloom does
. The best part about this reaction is that if you deal Lunar-Bloom damage, it can Crit, and the chances of a Crit happening are based on the triggering character's base Crit Rate.
It's important to remember that the Dendro Cores created by the Lunar-Bloom reaction
still deal normal Bloom damage
.
As such, Lauma only deals
proper Lunar-Bloom damage from her Skill
at the moment.
Lauma's Kit, Explained
After understanding how the Lunar-Bloom reaction works and how you get Verdant Dew from above, here's
everything else you need to know
about Lauma's kit:
Her Elemental Skill has two versions, and both of them release a
field around the active character that deals regular Dendro DMG
. However, if you hold the Skill button with at least one Verdant Dew, you can get an additional instance of Lunar-Bloom damage apart from the field activation.
Each Verdant Dew consumed during this hold version of the Skill also gives you one Moon Song, which is used up during her Elemental Burst. Finally, the opponents hit by any attack from her Skill
get their Hydro and Dendro RES reduced
.
While Lauma's Burst might not deal a lot of damage, it's still very important as it gives you stacks of Pale Hymn. You get 18 stacks for using the Burst, and
then another six for every Moon Song consumed while using it
. You can consume Moon Song for 15 seconds after the Burst, but it can only happen once.
Each stack of Pale Hymn increases the damage of Bloom, Hyperbloom, Burgeon, and Lunar-Bloom reactions caused by Lauma's team, and
one stack gets consumed every time this DMG hits an enemy
. If it hits multiple enemies, then multiple stacks get consumed at the same time.
You can hold Lauma's Charged Attack to enter the deer state when it's not on cooldown to move faster across the land while using up stamina.
The shining antlers on top of her head are a sign
that this special Charged Attack can be used.
With 800 Elemental Mastery, Lauma gains
a 32 percent Skill DMG bonus and 14 percent Lunar-Bloom DMG bonus
. Moreover, with 1,000 Elemental Mastery, her special Charged Attack's cooldown can be reduced by 20 percent.
Finally, if Lauma's team only has one Moonsign character, she has a fixed chance of making the Bloom, Hyperbloom, and Burgeons reactions crit by 15 percent, and
if they Crit, they enjoy a 100 percent Crit DMG bonus
.
On the other hand, if her team has two or more Moonsign characters, her
Lunar-Bloom Crit Rate and DMG are increased
by ten and 20 percent respectively.
Lauma's Constellations, Explained
Lauma's constellations can give her some massive boosts, with the first one
already eliminating the need for a sustainer
on the team:
After her Skill or Burst is triggered, all active characters
heal based on Lauma's EM
whenever the Lunar-Bloom reaction is triggered. The stamina consumed from her special Charged Attack is also decreased by 40 percent.
The Pale Hymn stacks from the Burst gives additional DMG bonus for reactions based on Lauma's EM. Moreover, in the second Moonsign phase, her
party members deal 40 percent more Lunar-Bloom damage
.
Elemental Burst level increased by three.
Lauma gains four Energy when
attacks from her field hit the enemies
every five seconds.
Elemental Skill level increased by three.
Lauma's field deals one extra instance of damage that's considered as Lunar-Bloom damage
while giving her two Pale Hymn stacks
. When Lauma has Pale Hymn, her basic attacks are converted to Lunar-Bloom damage that consumes this stack and
deals damage based on her EM
. Finally, in the second moon phase, her party's Lunar-Bloom damage gains a separate 25 percent boost.
Lauma's Talent Priority
As you might already understand after reading Lauma's kit above, she
doesn't need to use her basic attacks unless you get her to maximum constellations
. In this case, you can ignore her basic attacks and funnel all her upgrades into her Elemental Skill and Burst.
Since her Skill has the Dendro and Hydro RES shred, it takes priority, and you also get more damage from these upgrades. However, her
Burst is also important to upgrade
and should be done right after the Skill.
Lauma Best Weapons
Being a character from a separate region with unique mechanics, Lauma doesn't have a wide choice of weapons. However,
she still has some great F2P-friendly choices
. For the best Lauma build, you'd want to aim for her
signature weapon called
Nightweaver's Looking Glass
, but here are all your other choices:
Weapon
Rarity
Synergy With Lauma
Nightweaver's Looking Glass
Five-Star
When Lauma deals Elemental Skill DMG and triggers Lunar-Bloom,
she gains up to 120 Elemental Mastery
, apart from the EM that you get from this weapon's secondary stat after upgrading it.
Moreover, when this complete EM boost is active, her party's Bloom DMG is boosted by 120 percent, Hyperbloom and Burgeon DMG by 80 percent, and
Lunar-Bloom DMG by 40 percent
.
A Thousand Floating Dreams
Five-Star
This weapon gives you a similar EM boost on the secondary stat as the one above. Moreover, for each party member with the same element as Lauma,
she can gain an additional EM boost
.
For each different element, she gains Dendro DMG instead. Finally,
she also increases the entire party's EM with this weapon
.
Blackmarrow Lantern
Four-Star
You can get the
blueprint for this weapon from the blacksmith in Nod-Krai
and craft it then. It increases her Bloom and Lunar-Bloom DMG. The latter is further buffed if the team has two or more moonsign characters.
Etherlight Spindlelute
Four-Star
You can get this weapon from the Version 6.0's exclusive event, and it gives Lauma a ton of Energy Recharge. Moreover, it also
increases her Elemental Mastery after using your Skill
.
Lauma Best Artifacts
When you have two or four pieces of the same artifact set on Lauma, it can provide her special bonuses based on the set. For the best build, the
Silken Moon's Serenade artifact set suits Lauma the most
. However, you have quite a few other choices:
Best Artifact Sets
Synergy With Lauma
Silken Moon's Serenade
This provides 20 percent Energy Recharge to Lauma apart from up to 120 Elemental Mastery while dealing Elemental DMG. It also
gives her a 10 percent Lunar Reaction DMG boost
.
Deepwood Memories
This set fits Lauma quite well as it increases her Dendro DMG and
shreds the enemy's Dendro RES by 30 percent
, which stacks with the shred from her kit.
Gilded Dreams
Finally, if you have no other choice, you can use this set on Lauma to gain some
EM for each party member with a different element
.
Lauma Artifact Stat Priority
Sands
Elemental Mastery
Goblet
Elemental Mastery
Circlet
Elemental Mastery
Sub-Stats
Energy Recharge > Elemental Mastery > Crit Rate/DMG
The Crit you have on Lauma will boost her chances of Critting on the
Lunar-Bloom DMG from her hold version
of the Skill.
Ideally, you want to aim for at least 800 Elemental Mastery on Lauma and a
bunch of Energy Recharge to get her Burst back quickly
.
Lauma Best Team Compositions
Best Lauma Team
Lauma, Nahida, Nilou, Sangonomiya Kokomi/Baizhu
F2P Lauma Team
Lauma, Xingqiu, Nilou, Yaoyao
Alternate Lauma Team
Lauma, Furina, Raiden Shogun, Baizhu
As you can likely already tell after reading Lauma's kit, she
works the best in a Bloom team
, and
Nilou is a staple character for these teams since she can create special Bountiful Cores
from Bloom reactions that explode almost instantly and deal much higher damage than normal Blooms. However, the issue with Nilou teams before Lauma was that they were only good for AoE.
With Lauma being added alongside Nilou, Nahida, and a Hydro/Dendro healer,
this team now becomes great even for single-target
, thanks to the damage bonuses provided by Lauma. Here's an easy rotation for this team:
Start by pressing Lauma's Skill
and switch over to Nilou to use both her Skill and Burst.
After that, use the abilities for both Nahida and the sustainer of the team to get everything ready. This will give you
enough time to have Lauma's Elemental Skill back
.
Finally, switch back to Lauma and execute her hold version of Elemental Skill and Burst. Past that,
you can simply do a few basic attacks with a Dendro character
so that you can have constant Dendro and Hydro applications on the enemy.
Outside of the Bloom team, you can also use Lauma in a Hyperbloom and Burgeon teams,
though the latter isn't nearly as viable as the former
. For the best Hyperbloom team, you'd want Lauma, Furina, Raiden Shogun, and Baizhu together, though another sustainer can easily replace Baizhu without losing much value.
Lauma doesn't have the best teams revolving around her Lunar-Bloom damage currently, but you can try making one
if you have Aino on constellation six
.
Finally, when it comes to Lauma's F2P teams, it's much easier to create a team around Hyperbloom
since if you want to use her in a Bloom team
,
you'll still need to get Nilou
. However, since Nefer is an upcoming Dendro character, you can expect Lauma to also work well with her.
Next
Genshin Impact: Escoffier Build Guide
These are the weapons and artifacts you'd want to use on Escoffier if you want to get the most value from her in Genshin Impact.
Posts
By
Sanyam Jain
Live-Service Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
25.9%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
20.6%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.0%
007 First Light
007 First Light
8.1%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
10.9%
Other
Other
22.5%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
One Of The Worst-Reviewed Games Of 2026 Is Coming To Consoles
Graveyard Keeper's Recent Free Sale Was A Masterclass In Marketing
Pragmata Isn't A Mega Man Game, But It Does Reference It