Candace is a four-star Hydro Polearm character. Her buffs are niche and unbeneficial to many characters in the game, as she specifically buffs Normal Attack DMG. Candace, therefore, would not fit in many comps. That said, we’re going to list the best team comps for you.
Recommended Videos
Best Candace team comps in Genshin Impact
Screenshot by PC Invasion
The main reason to run Candace is her Elemental Burst: Sacred Rite: Wagtail’s Tide. This Elemental Burst creates an effect that follows your active character, increasing their Elemental DMG from Normal Attacks, and giving Sword, Claymore, and Polearm characters a Hydro infusion.
Here are some examples of team comps you can use with Candace in Genshin Impact:
Mono-Hydro
Candace / Ayato / Xingqiu / Kazuha:
Candace boosts the Elemental DMG of Normal Attacks, which synergizes with Ayato’s Elemental Skill (which counts as Normal Attack DMG). Therefore, pairing Candace and Ayato together makes for a solid combo. Xingqiu adds extra Hydro DMG and some defensive utility, while Kazuha boosts the Hydro DMG of your team even further and provides some good crowd control. You can consider replacing Ayato with
Yelan
and using Xingqiu’s Normal Attacks instead, which will trade Ayato’s on-field DMG with damage from Yelan’s Elemental Burst.
Vaporize / International
Screenshot: PC Invasion
Candace / Xingqiu / Xiangling / Bennett:
This variation of the National / International composition (typically consisting of a Hydro unit, Bennett + Xiangling, and Kazuha or Sucrose) drops Kazuha and Sucrose in favor of Candace. Candace will turn Xingqiu’s Normal Attacks into Hydro, allowing him to vaporize with Xiangling and Bennett. Dropping Xingqiu for
Kazuha / Sucrose
might
be viable, but you will lose about 50% of your potential Vaporize damage.
Taser Comp
Candace / Fischl / Beidou / Kazuha or Sucrose:
This team comp is a variation of a “Taser-comp,” a term coined by the community that refers to significant Electro-Charged damage. Hydro and Electro create the Electro-Charged reactions, and Candace here is the provider of Hydro DMG to the team.
Hyperbloom
Candace / Nahida / Dendro Traveler / Kuki Shinobu:
Candace can provide decent Hydro uptime for Hyperbloom comps as she can infuse her Normal Attacks with Hydro. Nahida and Dendro Traveler will create bloom cores, while Kuki Shinobu will proc Hyperblooms. Hyperbloom is one of the strongest sources of single-target in the game, so this is a good comp against Spiral Abyss rotations where single enemy bosses are prevalent. If you don’t have Nahida, you can replace her with Collei for similar results.
Nilou Bloom Comp
Nilou / Candace / Yaoyao or Baizhu / Nahida:
Candace is a decent support for Nilou Bloom comps, providing additional Hydro application and means to create her Bountiful Bloom Cores. A healer like Yaoyao or Baizhu is necessary as the Bloom cores can damage your active character. If you do not have Nahida, good F2P alternatives are Collei or Dendro Traveler.
Genshin Impact
Hoyoverse