The Best Party Setups For Candace In Genshin Impact
By
Sanyam Jain
Published
Oct 11, 2022, 10:00 AM EDT
Sanyam Jain is a Staff Writer at TheGamer who has worked as a professional gaming journalist since 2022. A Journalism and Mass Communication graduate, he has been testing the limits of the games he plays for as long as he can remember.
An expert in RPG, Open-World, and Gacha games, Sanyam's articles are based on hours upon hours of testing with every new character, mechanic, or puzzle to ensure that you get every information you'll need about it.
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Buffed Normal Attacks
Electrocuted Demise
Vaporizing Enemies In Thin Air
Frozen To The Core
The Hydro Buffer Team
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
The effectiveness of your characters in
Genshin Impact
can differ greatly based on the team composition you put them in. The game allows you to have up to four characters in a certain team, and it incentivizes you to use various elemental reactions to deal extra damage to the enemy.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Ascension Materials For Candace
Candace is a Polearm-wielding character in Genshin Impact who also has a shield of her own. Her abilities allow you to mitigate a ton of damage while she supports the team in many other ways. Her play style can change a lot based on her talents and constellations, making her flexible.
Buffed Normal Attacks
Candace
Yoimiya
Xingqiu
Yun Jin
It is not every day that we get a character that buffs the normal attack damage of other characters, so it's important to make the most out of that. Throughout Candace's Elemental Burst duration,
the elemental DMG dealt by the active character's normal attack is increased based on her ATK
.
Yoimiya is one of the most popular characters who have
elemental damage from normal attacks as her primary source of damage
, making her a perfect fit for Candace. Furthermore,
Yun Jin's Burst also deals extra damage whenever the active character uses normal attacks
based on her DEF.
Xingqiu doesn't directly buff the normal attack of any character, but
his off-field Hydro application is the reason for his presence on this team
. This allows Yoimiya to trigger numerous Vaporize reactions to deal even more damage.
In this team, you'll never be using Yoimiya's Burst, allowing you to
use Shimenawa's Reminiscence artifact set on her
. Furthermore, the Burst of all other characters have different durations making the rotation for this team quite tricky:
Firstly, start with Xingqiu's abilities
because he has the longest duration on his Burst
. It is recommended to use the Sacrificial Sword on him for better energy regeneration.
Follow this up with
Yun Jin's abilities and then Candace's abilities
. For both these characters, you'll need to time the Elemental Skills as the enemy is about to attack you so that you don't waste time charging these skills.
Finally,
switch over to Yoimiya and use her Elemental Skill
to witness a great amount of elemental damage from her normal attacks.
If you have the first constellation for Candace,
you can interchange her placement with Yun Jin in this rotation
because their Burst will have the same duration.
Electrocuted Demise
Candace
Raiden Shogun
Fischl
Zhongli
Electro-Charged is one of the
most satisfying reactions in Genshin Impact
when it's triggered against a hoard of small enemies. This is because it
deals damage to them at regular intervals while it also immobilizes them for a second
.
Candace's Elemental Burst has a special effect that
infuses the active character's normal attack with Hydro element
if they're Polearm, Sword, or Claymore users. While this doesn't increase a lot of damage,
the infusion is what we're after in this team
.
The reason to use Fischl in the team is because of her off-field Electro application,
which is greatly enhanced if you have her sixth constellation
. Although, she can easily be
replaced by Beidou or Yae Miko
if you don't have her constellations.
Apart from her Electro application,
Raiden Shogun can also bring Candace's Burst back quickly
with her Burst. Zhongli is just a buffer for this team since he can
shred the enemy's defense while protecting the entire team
.
For the rotation of this team, you can simply
use the Elemental Skill of all the characters before using Candace's abilities
. During her Burst, you can use Raiden Shogun's normal attack to deal Hydro damage while Electro is applied as well.
The reason to use Raiden Shogun for normal attacks is that
she'll have the highest ATK stat in the entire team
since Zhongli and Candace scale off of HP.
After Candace's Burst finishes, you can use Raiden's Burst to get energy back on her quickly,
allowing you to have good uptime on this team's rotation
.
Vaporizing Enemies In Thin Air
Candace
Hu Tao
Yelan
Thoma
While this team might look similar to the one involving Yoimiya above, the idea behind it is a little different, and you can already tell that because
Hu Tao doesn't deal a lot of damage using normal attacks
. This team relies on a bit of setup because you need
Candace's sixth constellation
.
When you have this constellation,
her Elemental Burst deals AoE Hydro damage
whenever the active character performs a normal attack. This increases her potential of applying Hydro even when she's off-field.
Without this constellation, the only way for Candace to apply Hydro on the enemies is
when you switch characters or use a Hydro-infused normal attack
.
Furthermore, all three characters except Thoma
scale off of HP in this team
. This is where Yelan comes into play because
two or more Hydro characters in the team trigger Hydro Resonance
. When this happens, the HP of all party members is increased by 25 percent.
Hu tao performs better at low health, which is why
you need to use a shielder with her
. While you can use Zhongli or Diona, the addition of Thoma also triggers
Pyro resonance in this team to increase your ATK by 25 percent.
Here's what the rotation for this team will look like:
Start with Thoma's abilities followed by Yelan's abilities. This will allow you to
create the Pyro barrier constantly as you deal off-field Hydro DMG
with Yelan.
Next, switch over to Candace to use her abilities
before you use Hu Tao's Elemental Skill and Burst
. If you want to deal even more damage with Hu Tao's Elemental Skill,
you can try putting the Shimenawa set on her
.
Frozen To The Core
Candace
Rosaria
Diona
Sucrose
When Hydro meets Cryo in Genshin Impact, a Freeze reaction is triggered. As you can guess,
this immobilizes the enemy for quite some time based on how big they are
. With Candace's Hydro application, you can stop enemies from moving for a very long time.
Since your enemies won't be able to move, you don't need a lot of crowd control to bring them together, which allows you to use Sucrose to
Swirl both Cryo and Hydro to increase the damage done by both elements
.
You'll need the Elemental Burst of both Rosaria and Diona on the field
before using Candace's Burst
. If you have the sixth constellation on her, this team will function even better because of the extra AoE Hydro application. The team
excels at dealing regular damage to the enemies
while preventing them from attacking you.
You can make a Bloom team with Candace in a similar fashion by
replacing Rosaria and Diona with Dendro Traveler and Collei
. With that team, you'll only be able to Swirl Hydro but the Dendro cores will deal a lot of damage
because they'll keep spawning rapidly
.
The Hydro Buffer Team
Candace
Kamisato Ayato
Venti
Bennett
Finally, one of Candace's outshining features is her
ability to be a buffer for other Hydro characters
. This happens because of her Hydro infusion that allows the other character to deal extra Hydro damage. Usually, a
Hydro character will have a ton of Hydro DMG Bonus
that will benefit from this effect.
There are a couple of Hydro characters that can perform on-field, but
Ayato stands out the most because of his downtime from Elemental Skill
. Further, he uses a Sword which is a weapon that can be infused by Candace.
Bennett doesn't have a lot of Pyro applications in his kit, but he can be a
great ATK booster for the team
. Furthermore, you can also
Swirl Pyro using Venti's Burst to keep the enemies grouped up and trigger Vaporize
at the same time.
With all that in mind, the rotation for this team should look like this:
Start with Bennett's Elemental Skill and Burst which will
apply Pyro to the surrounding opponents
.
Next, switch over to Venti and use his abilities to Swirl Pyro and group up enemies,
making it much easier for Ayato to perform his attacks
.
Finally, use Candace's abilities before you switch over to Ayato and
use his Burst and Skill
. Once his Skill ends, you can simply perform basic attacks with him that will also be infused with Hydro, giving him a lot of damage even during the downtime of his skill.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: Complete Guide
Gaming Guides
Live-Service Games
Triple-A Games
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
26.4%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
19.8%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.0%
007 First Light
007 First Light
9.2%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.5%
Other
Other
21.1%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Marathon Takes Priority As More Devs Are Working On Its Post-Launch Support Than Destiny 2
Unannounced Ubisoft Life Sim Reportedly Cancelled At Ubisoft Montreal
Restaurant Based On GTA's Cluckin' Bell Forced To Rebrand