Task Search
Checklists
Guides
Markers
Videos
Sort and Filter
No Results
Checklists
New Checklist
All Lists
My Checklists
All
All Lists
My Checklists
How creative can you get with your first free checklist?
Create a free account
All Interactive Maps and Locations
Genshin Impact Kuki Shinobu Build Guide: Best Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
By
Cedric Pabriga
,
Jen Rothery
,
Triforce
,
+30 more
Updated
:
Jun 30, 2023 5:59pm UTC
Kuki Shinobu is a 4-Star Electro Sword
Electro
character
introduced in the second half of
Genshin Impact's 2.7 update
, alongside the
Arataki Itto rerun
. While she was ridiculed for her low damage potential and utility on initial release, thanks to the Dendro element being introduced to the game in 3.0, Shinobu is one of the strongest characters in the game thanks to her masterful ability to dish out consistent Hyperbloom reactions. This allows her to decimate single-target fights, and Hyperbloom teams are considered one of the strongest strategies for tackling the Spiral Abyss; it is also one of the most accessible team types for free-to-play players.
This
Kuki Shinobu build
guide will explain the best Kuki Shinobu team comp, weapons, and artifact sets, including
a Kuki Shinobu F2P guide
.
Kuki Shinobu
Rarity:
★★★★
Element:
Electro
Weapon:
Sword
Table of Contents:
How to Get Kuki Shinobu
Kuki Shinobu Gameplay Overview
Kuki Shinobu Talents and Attack Combos
Kuki Shinobu Constellation Analysis
Kuki Shinobu's Best Weapons
Kuki Shinobu's Best Artifacts
Kuki Shinobu's Best Teams
How to Get Kuki Shinobu in Genshin Impact
Kuki Shinobu first debuted on the limited-time banner in patch 2.7, but has since been added to the standard banner. All banners offer a small chance to acquire Shinobu in-game.
Genshin Kuki Shinobu Gameplay Overview
Kuki Shinobu is both a healing support and a DPS who could lean into one or the other. When Shinobu first released, she was used as a mediocre healer in teams who specifically needed an Electro healer. As stated above, she is now the most sensible Hyperbloom DPS for most players. The only other character who can compete with or exceed Shinobu's Hyperbloom damage is the Raiden Shogun, which requires her to build entirely differently from the Shogun's typical DPS build.
Realistically, though, there are three separate builds to play Shinobu in, which will be revisited in both the weapons section and artifact section.
Hyperbloom DPS + Healer:
Usually the best role for the character with the highest damage ceiling. Invest in pure Elemental Mastery. Her healing is enough as is that she doesn't require investment for experienced players. She will probably deal the majority of the team's damage.
Quicken/Aggravate DPS + Healer:
Thanks to the many hits from Shinobu's Elemental Burst and consistent hits from her Skill, Shinobu can trigger several aggravate reactions. Focus on DMG%, CRIT, and Elemental Mastery.
Dedicated Healer:
Only recommended for players who lack Elemental Mastery artifacts or in very specific situations, since you are sacrificing an enormous amount of damage to satisfy this role.
It's recommended to check the
Comprehensive Guide to Elemental Reactions
if you intend to use Shinobu in your teams, in order to best understand her elemental application and damage potential.
Shinobu usually doesn't need to focus on her Energy Recharge unless she's being played in Quicken teams with a focus on Aggravate damage. Her Burst outside of these teams is not very useful, and can be neglected entirely in both Hyperbloom. In Quicken teams, aim for around 160% Energy Recharge from substats, unless you have a battery like Fischl, which should then be around 130-140%.
Gameplay is very simple: you don't use Shinobu's Normal Attacks at all. Instead you swap into her, use her Skill (and Burst if necessary), then swap to your next character. It's surprising how much Shinobu can do for your team with so little field-time.
Genshin Kuki Shinobu Talents and Attack Combos
Your talent-leveling priority should be: Skill > Burst > Normal Attack
Shinobu's Normal Attacks are weak and there is no real reason to use them in combat. They can be neglected entirely without consequence.
Shinobu's Skill sacrifices 30% of her current HP in order to deal Electro damage and create a ring around your active character. Every 1.5 seconds, the ring will expand and deal a small amount of Electro damage based on Shinobu's ATK, Electro DMG%, and CRIT values,
while also healing the active character.
This is the
most valuable part
of Shinobu's kit, due to the slow application and healing. Slow application is important for Hyperbloom triggers to allow teammates to create Dendro cores between Skill ticks. No matter what build you gear Shinobu towards, her Skill is going to be valuable. Level this for the healing potency.
Shinobu's Burst deals many instances of Electro damage, allowing up to 7 instances of Electro application (for triggering Overload, Aggravate, Hyperbloom, and other reactions). The damage inflicted scales with Shinobu's Max HP, DMG%, and CRIT values. It lasts longer when Shinobu's health is below 50%, which synergizes with her Skill costing 30% of current HP. Again, except for Quicken teams, this isn't very valuable, however, it is not entirely worthless. Every Burst has an animation which lasts between 1-3 seconds in which the character is invulnerable. Using her Burst immediately after her Skill offers just enough invulnerability time to heal back some of the HP she lost using her Skill.
Next, come Shinobu's passives. Her first ascension passive increases her healing effectiveness by 15% when her HP is below half. Her fourth ascension passive allows her Skill to deal bonus damage equal to 75% of her Elemental Mastery (1000 EM = 750 additional damage; not affected by usual damage math) and bonus healing based on 25% of her Elemental Mastery. This
appears
strong because people assume it adds more than it actually does, but if anything, it's more valuable for the minor healing bonus than anything.
Finally, Shinobu's exploration passive allows her to gain 25% more items from expeditions in Inazuma. Unfortunately, Inazuma's expeditions don't offer good items to farm, and it is usually more efficient to go on expeditions which offer crystal chunks; there are none in Inazuma.
Genshin Kuki Shinobu Constellation Analysis
Shinobu's constellations are hit-or-miss, with even constellations performing quite well and odd constellations performing poorly. Luckily, it is much easier to acquire 4-star constellations vs 5-star constellations.
Constellation Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
C1. To Cloister Compassion
Burst effect radius is expanded by 50%
No damage boost, and only valuable in extremely specific scenarios.
C2. To Forsake Fortune
Skill lasts 3 seconds longer.
Much stronger than it looks. Shinobu's Skill cooldown is 15 seconds, and without C2, the Skill duration is 12s. This constellation gives Shinobu infinite uptime on her Skill as long as you time it correctly. Excellent for Hyperbloom as well.
C3. To Sequester Sorrow
Increase Skill talent level by 3.
It's good for the extra healing, but Hyperbloom (and Transformative Reactions in general) damage does not depend on talent level.
C4. To Sever Sealing
When the active character damages enemies with Normal, Charged, and Plunging attacks, Shinobu deals one instance of Electro damage based on 9.7% of her HP
Another deceptive constellation. This instance of Electro damage applies Electro, allowing for an extra Hyperbloom for each of your team's rotations.
C5. To Cease Courtesies
Increases Burst talent level by 3.
Only valuable in Quicken teams, and Shinobu is not known for her regular damage anyways.
C6. To Ward Weakness
Once per minute, lethal damage won't bring Shonibu down, but instead leave her with 1 HP. When Shinobu's HP is below 25% she gains 150 Elemental Mastery for 15 seconds
Shinobu has a serious problem with dying too early when she's not building a dedicated healer role. This erases most of those troubles and also increases her healing and reaction damage.
Genshin Kuki Shinobu's Best Weapons
Shinobu mainly cares about Elemental Mastery, HP, and occasionally Energy Recharge and CRIT stats. This makes ranking weapons linearly fairly difficult.
Please pay special attention to the right hand column as the notes will tell you what build(s) each weapon is best suited for.
Weapon Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
Freedom Sworn
198 EM
DMG +10%. Triggering elemental reactions grants a charge. When you have two charges, the weapon consumes them to give the team +20% ATK and +16% Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attack DMG%.
Best for Hyperbloom (Limited).
By far the best for Shinobu's reaction damage, and offers the equivalent of a 4pc Noblesse Oblige buff (and then some) to the team just for doing her job as a reaction DPS.
Key of Khaj-Nisut
66.2% HP
+20% HP. When the wielder's Skilll hits opponents, the weapon gains a charge (max 3). Each charge increases Elemental Mastery by 0.12% of Max HP. With all three stacks, the team games Elemental Mastery equal to 0.2% of the wielder's Max HP.
Best for Healing, Decent Everywhere Else (Limited).
HP increases Shinobu's healing potential and Burst damage, and it is also the only HP sword that currently exists. It ranks highly in every category for Shinobu, but it is not the best in anything except for dedicated healing.
Primordial Jade-Cutter
44.1% CRIT Rate
+20% HP. +ATK based on 1.2% Max HP.
Best for Quicken/Aggravate, Decent for Healing (Limited).
HP increases healing potential and Burst damage, and this sword offers the highest CRIT Rate scaling of 5-star swords. However, when focusing on CRIT stats, any CRIT sword will do a similar job.
Xiphos Moonlight
165 EM
The following effect will trigger every 10s: The equipping character will gain 0.036% Energy Recharge for each point of Elemental Mastery they possess for 12s, with nearby party members gaining 30% of this buff for the same duration. Occurs even if off-field.
Best All-Around 4-Star Option (Limited).
Offers Elemental Mastery + a teamwide Energy Recharge boost based on Elemental Mastery without needing to worry about CRIT hits like Favonius Sword does. Good for healing and reactions.
Iron Sting
165 EM
Dealing Elemental DMG increases all DMG by 6-12% for 6s. Max 2 stacks. Can occur once every 1s.
Free Crafting Option
Grants the same Elemental Mastery as Xiphos Moonlight, but trades team utility for non-transformative-reaction damage. However, you can craft this from the beginning of the game and it holds up across all playstyles.
Favonius Sword
187 EM
CRIT Hits have a 60-100% chance to generate a small amount of Elemental Particles, which will regenerate 6 Energy for the character. Can only occur once every 12-6s.
Team Utility Option (Any Banner)
Normally Favonius weapons are incredible, but Shinobu just doesn't care about either ER or CRIT (required for weapon passive). It's fine as a purely support option, as the energy will definitely help the team, but be sure to build 30% CRIT Rate or more.
Genshin Kuki Shinobu's Best Artifacts
Sands:
Elemental Mastery (all builds)
Goblet:
Elemental Mastery (Hyperbloom), Electro DMG% (Quicken), HP% (Pure Healer)
Circlet:
Elemental Mastery (Hyperbloom), CRIT (Quicken), HP% or Healing Bonus% (Pure Healer)
In Quicken builds (and for every CRIT-appreciating character), aim for 75 CR; 150 CD. If you cannot hit these numbers, a 1;2 ratio is
always best.
For example,
75;150 will result in more damage over time than 50;200.
Most of Shinobu's best artifact sets are comparably good across multiple builds. However, some are best for some builds and not-so-good in other builds.
Please pay attention to the right column's notes.
Artifact Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
4pc Flower of Paradise Lost
2pc: +80 EM
4pc: +40% Hyperbloom, Bloom, and Burgeon DMG. Each time one of these reactions are triggered, +25% of this type of damage for 10s (Max 4 Stacks).
Best for Hyperbloom, Least Valuable Resin Investment.
This is only marginally more efficient than Gilded Dreams for Hyperbloom damage. In many cases, the two artifact sets are comparable.
4pc Gilded Dreams
2pc: +80 EM
4pc: +14% ATK for each same-element character in team. +50 EM for each different-element character in team.
Best for Hyperbloom/Quicken, Best Resin Investment.
Gilded Dreams sets are more widely usable, and so you'll get a better use of your resin in that dunegon, as Deepwood Dreams artifacts from that dungeon also have wide application.
4pc Tenacity of Millelith
2pc: +20% HP
4pc: Whenever the wielder's Skill hits enemies (even when off-field), the team gains 20% ATK and 30% Shield Strength
Best for Healing Support, Adequate Everywhere Else.
This is only marginally more efficient than Gilded Dreams for Hyperbloom damage. In many cases, the two artifact sets are comparable.
2pc/2pc
Mix + Match
2pcs: +80EM.
Bare Bones Option
The worst choice by far, but it will still do the job. No other sets give Shinobu quite what she needs.
Genshin Kuki Shinobu's Best Teams
Shinobu, outside of her healer role, has some pretty restrictive team compositions. To use her in basically any team, dedicate yourself to a full healer role.
Hyperbloom
The introduction of Dendro took Shinobu from a C-Tier to an S-Tier character overnight thanks to Hyperbloom's existence. Hyperbloom teams require a Hydro, Dendro, and Electro character. The Electro character (the Hyperbloom trigger) should generally have slower application than the Hydro and Dendro characters. Shinobu's 1.5-second interval for Skill ticks is perfect for this job.
Even better, Shinobu doesn't even need to level her talents to excel in this role, and you really only need two teammates with her to deal incredible damage: Nahida and Xingqiu. Xingqiu is freely accessible through Paimon's Bargains, but Nahida is a limited 5-star character. If you don't have Nahida, Dendro Traveler can make a budget substitution.
Xingqiu is the best possible hydro option due to his high, consistent rate of Hydro application. The rain swords that orbit your active character also apply Hydro on contact with enemies to create extra Dendro seeds. Nahida grants the team an Elemental Mastery bonus that's crucial to maximizing Shinobu's damage, but Dendro Traveler offers a less potent buff.
The flex slot, then, can be almost anyone, but ideally someone who helps generate Dendro cores, like a Dendro or Hydro DPS or an Elemental Mastery utility character.
Shinobu
Hydro (Xingqiu)
Dendro (Traveler for F2P)
Non-Pyro Flex
Quicken/Aggravate/Spread
Most Quicken teams have better options for an Electro DPS in Aggravate teams (like Fischl), but there are some reasons to want Shinobu in these teams for both damage and healing. Fischl will often deal the majority of the team's damage, so your other two characters should be strong or synergistic Dendro and Anemo characters.
Shinobu
Electro (Fischl) / Dendro
Dendro
Anemo (Sucrose for F2P)
Other Teams (Healer)
Shinobu, as a healer, will never be the best healer in your team, but she'll always do a decent job and the Electro application is relevant in other kinds of reactions, such as Superconduct. Thanks to this role consolidation, she can fit in a large number of teams.
Specific Teammate Choices
Hydro Characters
Xingqiu
The best 4-star Hydro applicator. His Burst applies Hydro and deals respectable damage in synchonicity with the active character's Normal Attacks and the orbiting swords that act as defensive utility also apply Hydro to enemies when in direct contact.
Yelan
Mainly best for amplifying teammates DMG% while dealing high HP-scaling damage. Very similar to Xingqiu, but less application and no defensive utility. Yelan is a generically strong character.
Ayato
An excellent on-field Hydro DPS and driver for characters like Fischl, Beidou, Xingqiu, and Yelan.
Kokomi
The best Hydro option if you want good healing and Hydro application rolled into one character.
Dendro Characters
Nahida
The best choice for maximizing the damage potential of Dendro-based reactions like Quicken/Spread/Aggravate/Hyperbloom/Burgeon/Bloom. She needs almost no field time and shares EM with the active character.
Dendro Traveler
The best budget alternative to Nahida, as they offer consistent Dendro application in a wide area-of-effect thanks to her Burst while offering buffs to the team. All of her constellations are freely obtainable, as well.
Alhaitham
An On-Field Dendro DPS and excellent driver for the likes of Xingqiu and Yelan. With a focus on Spread damage, he is an excellent choice for a flex slot in Hyperbloom teams.
Baizhu
A shielder and healer all-in-one for teams focusing on Dendro-based reactions. Offers shields and plenty of healing to the party, all of which enhance reaction damage.
Collei
Collei is best at supporting Quicken/Aggravate/Spread teams thanks to the duration and cooldown of her Skill allowing her to function well in very short (~15 second) and longer (~25 second) rotations. Collei will usually equip 4pc Tenacity of the Millelith and Elegy for the End, so make sure not to overlap this with Fischl.
Kirara
A dedicated shielder in Dendro for protecting fragile characters from being interrupted, but she usually doesn't provide enough Dendro application by herself.
Electro Characters
Fischl
The best off-field Electro DPS in the game when it comes to Quicken teams, thanks to a synergy between her Fourth Ascension Passive and how Quicken reactions work. In almost any Quicken team, she will deal the majority of the team's damage, and outside of Quicken teams, she is useful in nearly any team that can fit her.
Keqing
The most aggressive quickswap DPS. Originally one of the weakest characters in the game, the introduction of the Dendro element gave her a massive boost in playability due to her rapid Electro application. A great DPS for Quicken teams.
Raiden Shogun
Miko's waifu and a powerful on-field DPS who generates energy for the entire team while using her Burst. She is strong in just about any team needing an Electro On-Field DPS and is best known for her ability to synergize with energy hungry characters like Xiangling, Xingqiu, and Bennett, while also being excellent Hyperbloom and Quicken abusers.
Lisa
Lisa is free from the beginning of the game and also gained a lot of viability thanks to Quicken being introduced to the game, allowing her to become an on-field DPS or support depending on team needs. Her Burst also shreds enemy defenses -- a very rare debuff. She is usually played on-field for Quicken teams, but can work in either role.
Anemo Utility Options
(all assumed to be equipping 4pc Viridescent Venerer)
Kazuha
The best all-around choice for most Anemo needs. Kazuha scales well with EM, provides a huge DMG% buff to teammates depending on what elements he swirls in his Burst, offers good crowd control, and has short cooldowns on his entire kit.
Sucrose
Sometimes better than Kazuha, depending on the team comp, due to her ability to share a portion of her Elemental Mastery with the team, wield Catalysts known for their support functions, and apply Anemo and Swirl with Normal Attacks. She offers crowd control and energy generation ontop of decent driving capabilities.
Venti
The Anemo Archon and the god of crowd control. He can buff teammates while equipping Elegy for the End and is an excellent choice against large amounts of enemies.
Up Next:
Genshin Layla Release Date, Skills, Talents, and Constellations
Previous
Kuki Shinobu Materials Guide - Ascension and Talent Materials
Next
Genshin Layla Release Date, Skills, Talents, and Constellations
Top Guide Sections
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna IV Release Time and Details
Genshin Impact Luna III Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna II Release Date and Details
Was this guide helpful?
Leave feedback
In This Guide
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Initial Release:
Sep 27, 2020
+2
Learn more
Go to comments