Kuki Shinobu Team Composition Guide - Genshin Impact
By
Nahda Nabiilah
Published
Jun 22, 2022, 7:45 AM EDT
Nahda Nabiilah is a writer and editor from Indonesia. She has always loved writing and playing games, so one day she decided to combine the two. Most of the time, writing gaming guides is a blast for her, due to it being two of Nahda's favorite things. She strives to make detailed and easy-to-follow guides.
Sign in to your
GameRant
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Kuki Shinobu
Electro
Sword
Inazuma
Guides
Ascension
Builds
Weapons
Team Comp
Constellation
Player Mistakes
Back to All Characters
Three regions later,
Genshin Impact
has finally released an Electro character that doesn’t only apply the Element off-field but also owns the ability to heal. Kuki Shinobu’s healing will perform similarly to Barbara, but her Electro application will be far better than the Mondstadt Idol’s Hydro spread.
Electro enabler is a crucial part of many
Genshin Impact
teams, most notably the Taser/Firework team comp. With Kuki Shinobu now available, these teams' composition can run a safer fight thanks to her protection.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Ways To Get Acquaint Fate
Kuki Shinobu + Eula + Zhongli + Raiden Shogun
In this team composition, Raiden is an essential support for Eula. Mainly because Raiden can apply Electro and enhance Eula’s Elemental Burst damage, which is where most of her damage comes from.
Zhongli will also play a part in increasing both of their DPS
by decreasing enemies’ resistance to both Physical and Electro damage.
The addition of Kuki Shinobu to this team composition adds another layer of Electro application where it’s easier for Eula to trigger Superconduct, even against shielded enemies like the Abyss monsters. This can be great for people who don't want to use Diona as the healer in the team.
Team Roles
Eula:
Main DPS, Superconduct trigger
Raiden Shogun:
Sub-DPS, battery, buffer, Superconduct enabler
Zhongli:
CC, shielder, debuffer
Kuki Shinobu:
Healer, Superconduct enabler
Kuki Shinobu + Tartaglia + Yelan + Kazuha
Usually, firework team compositions are made by pairing Childe with either Raiden Shogun or Beidou. Now, Kuki also is viable to take their Role as an Electro-charged enabler and trigger, since her
close-range Electro application is great
. Not only that, but she can also heal while at it.
Yelan increases Tartaglia’s damage and is a
fantastic Sub-DPS in
Genshin Impact
. She and Ajax will activate the Hydro Resonance, which will improve Kuki’s healing and give Childe better protection while he and Kuki are electrifying their enemies. Of course, Kazuha is the joker of this team composition by reducing enemies’ resistance while controlling them and spreading both Hydro and Electro all over the battlefield.
Team Roles
Tartaglia:
Main DPS, Electro-charged enabler
Yelan:
Sub-DPS, buffer, Electro-charged enabler
Kuki Shinobu:
Healer, Electro-charged enabler
Kazuha:
CC, buffer, debuffer, Swirl trigger, Electro-charged enabler
Kuki Shinobu + Xiangling + Xingqiu + Bennett
Again, Kuki Shinobu can replace
Raiden Shogun in this
Genshin Impact
's team composition
. Xiangling, Kuki, Xingqiu, and Bennett will all rotate quickly to unleash their bursts on the field. This will create an endless amount of reactions between their elements, which will translate into a massive amount of burst damage buffed by Bennett.
Even though Kuki is built to deal Elemental reaction damage in this team composition, she still can help Bennett heal everyone while they’re letting out surges of damage through their rotations.
Team Roles
Kuki Shinobu:
Sub-DPS, healer, Electro reactions enabler
Xiangling:
Sub-DPS, part of the Pyro Resonance, Pyro reactions enabler
Xingqiu:
Sub-DPS, minor healer, Hydro reactions enabler
Bennett:
Healer, buffer, Pyro reactions enabler, part of the Pyro Resonance
Genshin Impact
is now available on Mobile, PC, PS4, and PS5. A Switch version is in development.
Strategy Guides
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which recently released Nintendo cozy game do you prefer?
Pokemon Pokopia
Pokemon Pokopia
56.7%
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
43.3%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Xbox Unveils Brand New Logo with Return to Classic Green
6:38
Is Saros a Must-Play PS5 Exclusive? - Review Roundup
Strike a JoJo Pose With This Stylish New Clothing Collab