Faruzan is a scholar of the Haravatat Darshan whose work is prevalent in the modern Akademiya. She disappeared once upon a time after being exposed to the remains of the Scarlet King's power and emerged a hundred years later to a completely different Sumeru. Now, Faruzan is the go-to tutor for students struggling with their mechanics classes. She's a four-star Anemo bow user who was specifically created to support DPS units of the same Element. Here are our recommendations on how to build her.
Recommended Videos
Genshin Impact Faruzan build guide - Faruzan playstyle
Faruzan is a support unit that specializes in buffing fellow Anemo characters. Both her Elemental Skill and Burst can shred enemies' Anemo Resistance, but only if they successfully land a blow. She's capable of generating Anemo particles and can buff Anemo Damage based on her Base Attack. While Faruzan has a buff-heavy kit, she requires proper timing and placement to use effectively.
Faruzan has a Charged Attack mechanic to apply buffs and is just as clunky as Kujou Sara. You can only fix this problem by
getting her to C6
, where any active character can apply Pressurized Collapse (Anemo shred) as long as Faruzan's Elemental Skill is active.
Best Artifacts for Faruzan in Genshin Impact
Faruzan is an Energy-hungry character, given her high Elemental Burst cost (80 Energy). We recommend using
Energy Recharge Sands
, an
Anemo Damage or Attack Goblet
, and an
Attack or Crit Circlet
. She needs over 200 percent Energy Recharge to be able to use her Burst consistently.
Noblesse Oblige
- easy no-brainer choice that gives the party an additional Attack buff from its 4-piece bonus. However, make sure only one team member has this equipped as the effect can't stack.
The Exile
- a great pick if you're starved of Energy Recharge, but offers low overall stats due to being a 3-star set.
Tenacity of the Millelity (only if C6)
- Faruzan's Elemental Skill buff takes effect even if other characters are triggering it, a benefit only applicable when she's at C6. However, by doing so, you can keep proccing the 4-piece Attack and shield strength buff of this set.
Since Faruzan is a support, she also works well with combining 2-piece sets to get bonuses such as Anemo Damage (Viridescent Venerer and Desert Pavilion Chronicle), Attack percent (Shimenawa's Reminiscence and Gladiator's Finale), or Energy Recharge (Emblem of Severed Fate and The Exile).
Related:
Where to farm Desert Pavilion Chronicle & Flower of Paradise Lost Artifacts in Genshin Impact
Best weapons for Faruzan in Genshin Impact
Weapons affect Faruzan's Base Attack, so it's recommended to aim for one with a high Base Attack. Additionally, you can offset some of her Energy needs by using a weapon with Energy Recharge substats.
Five-star options
Elegy for the End
Four-star options
Favonius Warbow
(best-in-slot)
Sacrificial Bow
Fading Twilight
End of the Line
Best teammates for Faruzan in Genshin Impact
Faruzan is a niche support character who was created to support specific Anemo DPS units. The following characters can benefit the most from having her on the team:
Xiao
Shikanoin Heizou
Wanderer
Check out our
Genshin Impact Faruzan farming guide
here on Pro Game Guides to start collecting materials for Madam Faruzan.
More Posts from PGG