Faruzan Build Guide: Best Talents, Gears, And Team Comps
Muhammad Kumar
-
Dec 06, 2022
|
Mobile Games
Faruzan, the first proper support for Anemo DPS characters, is coming out in Genshin Impact 3.3. Here are the best builds for her.
Genshin Impact 3.3: Wanderer Materials Farming Guide
Genshin Impact Wanderer Build Guide: Best Talents, Gears, And Team Comps
Nahida Team Comps Guide For Genshin Impact 3.2
Faruzan is a brand new character added to Genshin Impact in the Sumeru update. She is going to come out alongside Scaramouche and serve as the first DPS support for Anemo in the game.
In this article, Gurugamer is going to showcase the complete Genshin Impact Wanderer Build Guide, including talents, gears and team comps.
Faruzan Skillset
1. Faruzan Skillset Overview
Before deciding on her build and gear, here's a summary of Faruzan's skill set:
Skill
: Dealing damage and gaining a buff that allows her to fire a specially charged arrow that sucks enemies in.
Burst
: Dealing AoE Anemo DMG by summoning a wind construct. Reduce enemies' Anemo RES and increase teammates' Anemo DMG.
Passive 1
: Special charged arrow from her Skill now applies the Anemo RES reduction debuff.
Passive 2
: Characters buffed by her Burst also gain bonus damage based on Faruzan's attack, every time they deal Anemo DMG.
2. Genshin Impact Faruzan Gameplay
From the summary above, it is pretty clear that Faruzan's playstyle is just the average off-field support fare. You can just fire her Skill and Burst, then switch to your DPS character to deal damage. Her skill has a decent crowd-control effect and can be fired almost instantaneously.
Faruzan's burst has a pretty long duration.
As all of Faruzan's ability is geared toward supporting, she is ineffective at actually dealing damage or triggering reactions.
Talent Priority
Overall, players should
focus on Faruzan's Burst
. That is where all her support capabilities lie. Her Skill and Normal attack talents can be easily ignored.
Best Constellations
Overall, Faruzan's abilities are not that strong. However, since she is a 4 star, players might get a few dupes of her when pulling the banners.
C2 is a good stopping point as it increases the duration of her Burst, giving extra consistency on rotations. Her C6 is an absolutely godly ability - it gives characters buffed by her Burst 40% extra CRIT DMG and the ability to trigger special Anemo arrows on attack.
3. Genshin Impact Faruzan Best Weapon
As Faruzan's whole kit revolve around her Burst, players need to get a decent ER weapon on her so that they can use Burst off-cooldown.
Elegy for the End
Energy Recharge 55.1% (Lvl. 90)
The 5 star bow Elegy is Faruzan's weapon of choice. It has great ER, high base ATK and an extra buff that works when she is off the field.
Chances that players already have an ER bow lying around.
Best alternatives
Sacrificial Bow - Energy Recharge 30.6% (Lvl. 90): Good ER allows Faruzan to fire off Burst as soon as needed. High Base ATK Stat for a 4 star weapon and allow you to use Elemental Skill twice for more energy.
Fading Twilight - Energy Recharge 30.6% (Lvl. 90): Great Energy Recharge for higher uptime. Increases Normal Atk DMG, Elemental Skill and Burst while she stays off-field.
End Of The Line - Energy Recharge 45.9% (Lvl. 90): Fairly high base ATK and great Energy Recharge Stat at 90. Provides additional DMG through its effect.
Favonius Warbow: more ER
Mouun's Moon/Stringless: more Burst DMG.
4. Genshin Impact Faruzan Best Artifacts
The best substats for Faruzan are going to be the usual
Energy Recharge/ATK%/Crit DMG/Crit Rate
. She doesn't deal much damage anyway, but players might want to boost her ATK to get more out of Faruzan's second passive skill.
Having Noblesse her best artifact makes Faruzan very easy to gear.
Noblesse Oblige
As usual, Faruzan's artifact set of choice is the Noblesse Oblige. Players probably already have this ready on some of their supports and can switch in right away.
2-Piece Set Elemental Burst DMG +20%
4-Piece Set After using an Elemental Burst, all teammates get +20% ATK. Lasts 12s, does not stack
Best Alternatives
If you don't have the Noblesse set or it is already used by other characters, the following 2 sets will also work.
The Exile x4
: Energy Recharge +20%, using an Elemental Burst regenerates 2 Energy for other party members every 2s for 6s.
Emblem Of Severed Fate x4
: Energy Recharge + 20%, increases Elemental Burst DMG by 25% of Energy Recharge. A maximum of 75% bonus DMG can be obtained in this way.
5. Genshin Impact Faruzan Team Comps
Overall, Faruzan does not have a team comp built around herself - she just supports your Anemo DPS character of choice.
The other 2 slots are pretty flexible - players can just slot in whatever they think is necessary. Zhongli can be useful for shielding while Xiangling/Fisch/Xingqiu are great for Sub DPS.
Scaramouche
She is born to be Scaramouche's support. Her Burst increases Anemo damage of teammates by 40% at level 9, on top of a 40% Anemo RES shred. All Scaramouche main DPS teams should have Faruzan.
Xiao
Another Anemo main DPS that Faruzan can support. Both Xiao and Wanderer need time to stay on-field, which Faruzan can provide.
Heizou
Faruzan should also have the ability to support Heizou, another Anemo Catalyst DPS similar to Wanderer.
Kazuha main DPS with C6 can be a great combo with Faruzan as well, but only 1% of players can accomplish that.
>>> Read more:
Gilded Dreams vs Deepwood Memories: Which is Best For Nahida In 3.2?
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
#Genshin Impact Guide
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025