Madam Faruzan is a four-star Anemo bow user and a Haravatat Darshan who disappeared a hundred years ago after being exposed to remnants of the Scarlet King's power. After escaping the trap using her scholarly abilities, she has resurfaced in the Akademiya and believes herself to be everyone's senior. Faruzan is adept in ancient scripts and mechanisms, and her work from a distant past has paved way for modern mechanics. If you're interested in building Faruzan for your team, start by farming the following for her.
Recommended Videos
All Faruzan level-up, Talent, & Ascension materials in Genshin Impact
Level-up cost
You need to prepare the following to level up Faruzan to either 80 or 90. This doesn't include Ascension and Talent costs.
Level 1-80
Hero's Wit
: 248
Mora
: 987,905
Level 1-90
Hero's Wit
: 420
Mora
: 1,672,530
Ascension materials & cost
You need to prepare
420,000 Mora
and the following materials to fully Ascend Faruzan. The Mora value doesn't include level-up and Talent costs.
Local Specialty & Boss material
x168 Henna Berry
x46
Light Guiding Tetrahedron
Faruzan's local specialty is called the Henna Berry (formerly known as Redcrest), which can be farmed from
cacti in the Sumeru desert
. Her boss material is the Light Guiding Tetrahedron, farmed from the
Algorithm of Semi-Intransient Matrix of Overseer Network
in the Dune of Elusion.
Gemstones
x1 Vayuda Turquoise Sliver
x9 Vayuda Turquoise Fragment
x9 Vayuda Turquoise Chunk
x6 Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone
These are dropped by all Anemo Normal and World Bosses, such as the Anemo Hypostasis and
Maguu Kenki
. Additionally, you can
convert materials
using the Crafting Table to turn your existing Gemstones into Anemo ones.
Common materials
x18 Faded Red Satin
x30 Trimmed Red Silk
x36 Rich Red Brocade
These are dropped by all kinds of
Eremites
found in Sumeru's rainforest and desert.
Related:
Genshin Impact unveils official artwork of upcoming characters Scaramouche & Faruzan
Talent level-up materials & cost
You must prepare
1,652,500 Mora
and the following materials to level up all three of Faruzan's Talents to
level 10
. The Mora value doesn't include character level-up and Ascension costs.
Talent materials
x9 Teachings of Admonition
x63 Guide to
Admonition
x114 Philosophies of
Admonition
These can be farmed from the
Steeple of Ignorance Domain
in Chatrakam Cave on Mondays, Thursdays, and Sundays.
Common materials
x18
Faded Red Satin
x66
Trimmed Red Silk
x93
Rich Red Brocade
These are dropped by all kinds of Eremites found in Sumeru's rainforest and desert.
World Boss material & Crown of Insight
x3 Crown of Insight
x18 Puppet Strings
Crowns of Insight are limited rewards that can be obtained from big events. Faruzan's World Boss material is called the Puppet Strings. It can be farmed from the
Shou no Kami
in the Joururi Workshop Domain, located in Chinhat Ravine.
Check out the
Genshin Impact Faruzan kit – All Skills, Constellations, Passives & more!
here on Pro Game Guides to learn more about Faruzan.
More Posts from PGG