Genshin Impact
just released its new anticipated
Version 3.3
Patch Update of Sumeru. Even though Sumeru’s main quest has been concluded, there are still more untold stories to be shown one of them being one of the main antagonists of
Sumeru Archon Quest
,
The Balladeer
who now calls himself the Wanderer. In this guide, many fans have waited for his side of the story to be told and his highly anticipated banner, along with another new playable character called
Faruzan
in Genshin Impact. This guide will discuss all the information about Faruzan in Genshin Impact along with the best artifacts, best weapons, and talent materials.
Faruzan is the new
4-star character
that has been released along with Wanderer in this new patch. She is quite a mysterious individual with an interesting origin. She will be an amazing Support to be teamed with Wanderer to boost his damage and may help other Anemo DPS characters.
Faruzan: Character information and description
A researcher from “one hundred years ago.” She enjoys self-identifying as everyone’s senior and has significant knowledge of ancient scripts and machines of all kinds. Faruzan is a
4* Star Anemo Bow
playable Character in Genshin Impact. She is the
first dedicated Anemo damage buffer
in the game.
Image via HoYoverse
Just like
Kujou Sara
and
Gorou
, Faruzan seems to possess a niche kit that is mostly tailored towards a certain Elemental Type and 5-star playable character. Her kit is centred on buffing Anemo characters and reducing Anemo’s
Resistance
to enemies.
Faruzan: Playstyle and Skillset
In this section of the guide, we will discuss the playstyle and skillset of Faruzan in Genshin Impact.
Name/ Description
Type
Normal Attack: Parthian Shot
Normal Attack
Performs up to 4 consecutive shots with a bow.
Performs a more precise Aimed Shot with increased DMG. While aiming, mighty winds will accumulate on the arrowhead. A fully charged wind arrow will deal with Anemo DMG.
Charged Attack
Fires off a shower of arrows in mid-air before falling and striking the ground, hitting opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Plunging Attack
Wind Realm of Nasamjnin
Elemental Skill
Faruzan deploys a
polyhedron
that deals
AoE Anemo DMG
to nearby opponents. She will also enter the
Manifest Gale state
. While in the
Manifest Gale state
, Faruzan’s next fully charged shot will consume this state and will become a
Hurricane Arrow
that contains high-pressure currents. This arrow deals with Anemo DMG based on the DMG of a fully charged Aimed Shot from “Normal Attack: Parthian Shot.”   Pressurized Collapse The Hurricane Arrow will apply a Pressurized Collapse effect to the opponent or character hit. This effect will be removed after a short delay, creating a vortex that deals with AoE Anemo DMG and pulls nearby objects and opponents in. If
Hurricane Arrow
does not hit any opponent or character, it will create a
Pressurized Collapse
effect at its point of impact. The vortex DMG is considered an
Elemental Skill DMG.
The Wind’s Secret Ways
Elemental Burst
Faruzan deploys a
Dazzling Polyhedron
that unleashes a Whirlwind Pulse and deals
AoE Anemo DMG.
While the
Dazzling Polyhedro
n persists, it will continuously move along a triangular path. Once it reaches each corner of that triangular path, it will unleash 1 more
Whirlwind Pulse
.
Whirlwind Pulse
·When the
Whirlwind Pulse
is unleashed, it will apply Perfidious Wind’s Bale to nearby opponents, decreasing their
Anemo RES
. ·
The Whirlwind Pulse
will also apply Prayerful Wind’s Benefit to all nearby party members when it is unleashed, granting them an
Anemo DMG Bonus.
Faruzan’s Passive Talents
Ascension 4 passive: Impetuous Flow
When Faruzan is in the
Manifest Gale
state created by
Wind Realm of Nasamjnin,
the amount of time taken to charge a shot is decreased by 60%, and she can apply
The Wind’s Secret Ways’
Perfidious Wind’s Bale to opponents who are hit by the vortex created by Pressurized Collapse.
Ascension 1 passive: Lost Wisdom of the Seven Caverns
When characters affected by
The Wind’s Secret Ways
‘ Prayerful Wind’s Gift deal
Anemo DMG
using Normal, Charged, Plunging Attacks, Elemental Skills, or Elemental Bursts to opponents, they will gain the Hurricane Guard effect: This DMG will be increased based on 32% of Faruzan’s Base ATK. 1 instance of Hurricane Guard can occur once every 0.8s. This DMG Bonus will be cleared after Prayerful Wind’s Benefit expires or after the effect is triggered once.
Utility passive: Tomes Light the Path
Gains 25% more rewards when dispatched on a Sumeru Expedition for 20 hours.
In-Depth Talent Guide and Priority
Elemental Burst>Elemental Skill>Normal Attacks
Faruzan is a dedicated Anemo Support unit. Her
most useful Talent is her Elemental Burst
. She provides
Anemo Damage Bonus
and
Anemo Resistance Shred
due to her Burst. The Buff is only applied once the
Polyhedron
hits an opponent. The Burst as useful as it seems on paper is very clunky in-game as it rotates every second in a fixed 3 corner way. Elemental Skill is weak since she only generates
two energy particles
which do not help with her Energy Recharge issues. The skill can temporarily displace enemies although not as good of crowd control and displacement as Venti, Kazuha, or Sucrose.
Faruzan’s Constellations
In this section of the guide, we will discuss the different constellations of Faruzan in Genshin Impact.
Constellation Level
Constellation
Effect(s)
C1
Truth by Any Means
Faruzan can fire off a maximum of 2 Hurricane Arrows using fully charged Aimed Shots while under the effect of a single Manifest Gale created by Wind Realm of Nasamjnin.
C2
Overzealous Intellect
The duration of the Dazzling Polyhedron created by The Wind’s Secret Ways is increased by 6s.
C3
Spirit-Orchard Stroll
Increases the Level of Wind Realm of Nasamjnin by 3. The maximum upgrade level is 15.
C4
Divine Comprehension
The vortex created by Pressurized Collapses will restore Energy to Faruzan based on the number of opponents hit: If it hits 1 opponent, it will restore 2 Energy for Faruzan. Each additional opponent hit will restore 0.5 more Energy for Faruzan. A maximum of 4 Energy can be restored to her per vortex.
C5
Wonderland of Rumination
Increases the Level of The Wind’s Secret Ways by 3. The maximum upgrade level is 15.
C6
The Wondrous Path of Truth
Characters affected by The Wind’s Secret Ways’ Prayerful Wind’s Benefit have 40% increased CRIT DMG when they deal with Anemo DMG. When the active character deals DMG while affected by Prayerful Wind’s Benefit, they will apply Pressurized Collapse to the opponent damaged. This effect can be triggered once every 3s. This CD is shared between all party members.
Faruzan’s Constellations Value
When it comes to Constellations, it may be hard to come by for 5 stars and in some cases 4 stars. Nonetheless, Constellations helps with many of the character’s kit issues and boost their damage significantly. Faruzan has many issues with her kit mainly due to her clunky play-style and bad Energy issues.
C1
Allows firing an extra Hurricane Arrow. Not very useful as it takes time to fire the arrows and hence does not help with her high Energy Cost to generate particles.
C2
Longer Elemental Burst duration. Helpful as it lasts longer and provides buffs longer.
C3
Increases Elemental Skill level. Not useful as her Elemental Skill is not a reliable kit.
C4
Adds an energy restoration mechanic that allows more energy particles to be generated. Very useful for her energy issues.
C5
Increases Elemental Burst level. Good constellation although not the best.
C6
The best constellation to have and helps with many of Faruzan’s kit issues. Provides 40% crit to Anemo characters and makes her kit and buffs easier to rotate.
Best Artifact Builds for Faruzan in Genshin Impact
Faruzan has severe
Energy Recharge issues
which hinder her character completely and make it difficult to use her in team rotations. Due to her very high Elemental Burst cost (80 Energy Cost), it is highly recommended that players should stack Energy Recharge on her to a certain threshold. At least over 200%, ER is sufficient enough.
As she is a Support unit, Faruzan can utilize many of the Support buffer Artifact Sets such as Noblesse Oblige. Although pairing Faruzan with an Energy Recharge Set pieces are the best option coupled with other 2 pieces such as Attack Set or Anemo set. Even though Faruzan’s Anemo damage buff is scaled with her Attack, it should not be the main priority when building her as a Support. The attack difference is negligible. Having said that, pairing Faruzan with a
2 piece Attack bonus
is good.
Artifact Stat Priority
ARTIFACT TYPE
MAIN STAT
SUB STAT PRIORITY
Flower
HP (unchanged)
ER=ATK=Crit
Plume
ATK (unchanged)
ER=ATK=Crit
Sands
Energy Recharge
ER=ATK=Crit
Goblet
Anemo DMG Bonus or ATK
ER=ATK=Crit
Circlet
ATK or Crit
ER=ATK=Crit
Set Bonuses
Image via HoYoverse
Noblesse Oblige
2-Piece:
Elemental Burst DMG +20%
4-Piece:
Using an Elemental Burst increases all party members’ ATK by 20% for 12s. This effect cannot stack.
Image via HoYoverse
Viridescent Venerer
2-Pieces:
Anemo DMG Bonus +15%
4-Pieces:
Increases Swirl DMG by 60%. Decreases opponent’s Elemental RES to the element infused in the Swirl by 40% for 10s.
Image via HoYoverse
The Exile
2-Pieces:
Energy Recharge +20%
4-Pieces:
Using an Elemental Burst regenerates 2 Energy for all party members (excluding the wearer) every 2s for 6s. This effect cannot stack.
Image via HoYoverse
Emblem of Severed Fate
2-Pieces:
Energy Recharge +20%
4-Pieces:
Increases Elemental Burst DMG by 25% of Energy Recharge. A maximum of 75% bonus DMG can be obtained in this way.
Best Weapons for Faruzan in Genshin Impact
As stated several times in this guide, Faruzan has huge ER issues (Energy Recharge). Faruzan has a high Energy Cost burst and does not generate sufficient energy particles to help with her Burst uptime and team rotations. This is why it is highly advised that players use Energy Recharge related Weapons for Faruzan, ER being the Main priority for Sub-stats. DPS Faruzan can be done with a Crit weapon but Faruzan will still have Energy Recharge issues. Luckily there are a variety of good Bow weapons that are F2P friendly.
Weapon Name
Weapon Stats
Reasons
Favonius Warbow
Base ATK
454
Energy Recharge
61.3%
Windfall
CRIT Hits have a 60% chance to generate a small number of Elemental Particles, which will regenerate 6 Energy for the character. Can only occur once every 12s.
The best-in-slot weapon for Faruzan   Gives ER and generates free particles which resolve Faruzan’s particle problem   Can target weak points for a guaranteed CRIT hit.
Sacrificial Bow
Base ATK
565
Energy Recharge
30.6%
Composed
After damaging an opponent with an Elemental Skill, the skill has a 40% chance to end its own CD. Can only occur once every 30s.
Good weapon for ER substat.The  Passive is more or less useless due to her low Elemental Skill cooldown
End of the Line
Base ATK
510
Energy Recharge
45.9%
Net Snapper
Triggers the Flowrider effect after using an Elemental Skill, dealing 80% ATK as AoE DMG upon hitting an opponent with an attack. Flowrider will be removed after 15s or after causing 3 instances of AoE DMG. Only 1 instance of AoE DMG can be caused every 2s in this way. Flowrider can be triggered once every 12s.
High ER
Low Base ATK
Fading Twilight
Base ATK
565
Energy Recharge
30.6%
Radiance of the Deeps Has three states, Evengleam, Afterglow, and Dawnblaze, which increase DMG dealt by 6%/10%/14% respectively. When attacks hit opponents, this weapon will switch to the next state. This weapon can change states once every 7s. The character equipping this weapon can still trigger the state switch while not on the field.
High Base ATK
Low ER
Elegy for the End
Base ATK
608
Energy Recharge
55.1%
The Parting Refrain
is A part of the “Millennial Movement” that wanders amidst the winds. Increases Elemental Mastery by 60. When the Elemental Skills or Elemental Bursts of the character wielding this weapon hit opponents, that character gains a Sigil of Remembrance. This effect can be triggered once every 0.2s and can be triggered even if said character is not on the field. When you possess 4 Sigils of Remembrance, all of them will be consumed and all nearby party members will obtain the “Millennial Movement: Farewell Song” effect for 12s. “Millennial Movement: Farewell Song” increases Elemental Mastery by 100 and increases ATK by 20%. Once this effect is triggered, you will not gain Sigils of Remembrance for the 20s. Of the many effects of the “Millennial Movement,” buffs of the same type will not stack.
High Base ATK
High ER Buffs team
EM  and DMG
Materials Requirement for Ascension of Faruzan
Ascension Level
Materials Required
Ascension 1
1x Vayuda Turquoise Silver, 3x Henna Berry, 3x Faded Red Satin, 20000 Mora
Ascension 2
3x Vayuda Turquoise Fragment, 2x Light Guiding Tetrahedron, 10x Henna Berry, 15x Faded Red Satin, 40000 Mora
Ascension 3
6x Vayuda Turquoise Fragment, 4x Light Guiding Tetrahedron, 20x Henna Berry, 12x Trimmed Red Silk, 60000 Mora
Ascension 4
3x Vayuda Turquoise Chunk, 8x Light Guiding Tetrahedron, 30x Henna Berry, 18x Trimmed Red Silk, 80000 Mora
Ascension 5
6x Vayuda Turquoise Chunk, 12x Light Guiding Tetrahedron, 45x Henna Berry, 12x Rich Red Brocade, 100000 Mora
Ascension 6
6x Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone, 20x Light Guiding Tetrahedron, 60x Henna Berry, 24x Rich Red Brocade, 120000 Mora
Total
1x Vayuda Turquoise Silver, 9x Vayuda Turquoise Fragment, 9x Vayuda Turquoise Chunk, 6x Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone, 18x Faded Red Satin, 30x Trimmed Red Silk, 36x Rich Red Brocade, 46x Light Guiding Tetrahedron, 168x Henna Berry, 420000 Mora
Talent level-up materials for Faruzan
In this Genshin Impact Faruzan guide, we will list down the materials required for levelling up skill talents, through each level.
Talent Level
Talent Materials
Level 1
–
Level 2
3x Teachings of Admonition, 6x Faded Red Satin, x12500 Mora
Level 3
2x Guide to Admonition, 3x Trimmed Red Silk,  x17500 Mora
Level 4
4x Guide to Admonition, 4x Trimmed Red Silk,  x25000 Mora
Level 5
6x Guide to Admonition, 6x Trimmed Red Silk,  x30000 Mora
Level 6
9x Guide to Admonition, 9x Trimmed Red Silk,  x37500 Mora
Level 7
4x Philosophies of Admonition, 4x Rich Red Brocade, 1x Puppet Strings, x120000 Mora
Level 8
6x Philosophies of Admonition, 6x Rich Red Brocade, 1x Puppet Strings, x260000 Mora
Level 9
12x Philosophies of Admonition, 9x Rich Red Brocade, 2x Puppet Strings, x450000 Mora
Level 10
18x Philosophies of Admonition, 12x Rich Red Brocade, 2x Puppet Strings, x700000 Mora
Total
3x Teachings of Admonition, 21x Guide to Admonition, 38x Philosophies of Admonition, 6x Faded Red Satin, 22x Trimmed Red Silk, 31x Rich Red Brocade, 6x Puppet Strings, 1x Crown of Insight, x1,652,500 Mora
Special dish and Name card
Image via HoYoverse
In this section of the Genshin Impact Faruzan guide, we will let players know her special dish recipe, as well as her Namecard, obtained once you reach Friendship Level 10.
Namecard:
Sealed Secret
Image via HoYoverse
Dish Name:
Traditionally-Made Charcoal-Baked Ajilenakh Cake
Dish Effect:
Revives the selected character and restores 20% of Max HP, then restores an additional 1500 HP.
In-Game Description:
Faruzan’s specialty. The dark and sweet cake, lying as it does atop a minty-green sauce bed, almost looks like some enigmatic mechanism. Your hesitation must have somehow reached Faruzan, for she then straightened up to assertively reassure you that this was a traditional dish in Sumeru and that its flavor is guaranteed.
But you can’t help wondering… Is it really a ‘traditional’ dish that catered to the tastes of Sumeru people a hundred years ago?
That’s all how you can master Faruzan easily in Genshin Impact.
Read out other articles on Genshin Impact here
That’s all for today’s Genshin Impact Faruzan guide. What are your thoughts on our guide on Faruzan in Genshin Impact? Let us know in the comment section below!
For more Mobile Gaming news and updates, join our
WhatsApp group
,
Telegram Group
,
or
Discord server
. Also, follow us on
Google News
,
Instagram
, and
Twitter
for quick updates.
Tags
Gacha Games
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse