Wriothesley is a five-star Cryo catalyst user who performs as a main DPS in Cryo-oriented teams. As the formidable Lord of the Fortress of Meropide, he faces enemies head-on and attacks them in close range using his fists, similar to
Shikanoin Heizou
.
Recommended Videos
With Wriothesley, you can enjoy a slightly
higher-level playstyle
involving attack combos and being keenly aware of his HP levels. If you're up for the challenge, here's everything you need to know on how to build Wriothesley in Genshin Impact, including his best-in-slot weapons, Artifacts, and teammate recommendations.
Table of Contents
Best weapons for Wriothesley in Genshin Impact
Best Artifacts for Wriothesley in Genshin Impact
Best team for Wriothesley in Genshin Impact
More Posts from PGG
Best weapons for Wriothesley in Genshin Impact
Wriothesley is a straightforward DPS unit that relies on Attack and Crit stats, so there are plenty of weapons he can choose from.
Five-star options
Cashflow Supervision (overall best-in-slot)
Tulaytullah's Remembrance
Four-star options
The Widsith
(best four-star option)
Flowing Purity
Ballad of the Boundless Blue
Mappa Mare
Related:
Wriothesley’s Special Dish and how to cook it in Genshin Impact – Secret Sauce BBQ Ribs
Best Artifacts for Wriothesley in Genshin Impact
Wriothesley is a traditional main DPS unit, so he pairs well with Attack and Crit stats:
Sands
: Attack percent
Goblet
: Cryo Damage Bonus
Circlet
: Crit Rate or Crit Damage (aim for your ideal ratio)
Substats
: Attack, Crit Rate or Crit Damage (aim for your ideal ratio), and some Energy Recharge or Elemental Mastery (for Melt teams)
Meanwhile, for Artifact sets, there is only one set that I would recommend giving to Wriothesley:
Four-piece Marechaussee Hunter
Boosts Wriothesley's Normal and Charged Attacks by 15%, then additionally boosts his Crit Rate whenever his HP increases or decreases. He can easily trigger the condition of increasing and decreasing HP thanks to his Elemental Skill.
Alternatively, you can opt for a four-piece Blizzard Strayer in Freeze teams, but I personally don't think it's a practical choice as it locks you into a single team comp. Meanwhile, you can also opt for two-piece Attack-boosting sets as temporary alternatives before switching to the Marechaussee Hunter.
Best team for Wriothesley in Genshin Impact
Wriothesley is a selfish DPS who requires plenty of on-field time to dish out the most damage. As a result, he pairs well with off-field units who can support him without hogging field time. Since his Elemental Skill puts him in a state of constantly depleting HP and requires his
HP levels to always be above 50%
to maximize his damage output, I highly recommend pairing him with a good healer.
With that said, Wriothesley is best paired with the following:
Healer
: Choose strong healers who can double up as Elemental supports or buffers, such as
Kokomi
and
Bennett
.
Buffers
: Some great options are
Shenhe
and
Yun Jin
, as they offer both damage buffs and additional buffs beneficial to Wriothesley. However, you can pick buffers based on who you have in your roster.
Anemo support
: Great for shredding Elemental Resistance (via four-piece Viridescent Venerer) and crowd control. Options include
Kazuha
,
Venti
, and
Sucrose
.
Pyro support
: Absolutely necessary for Melt-related teams. Some constant high performers include Bennett and
Xiangling
, but you can explore other Pyro units as well.
Some team template options include:
Freeze
- Wriothesley + consistent Hydro applicator + Cryo support + Anemo support
Reverse Melt
- Wriothesley + consistent Pyro applicator + Anemo support + any Pyro/Anemo/Cryo character of your choice (choose your preferred Resonance bonus)
For more on Wriothesley, check out our
Genshin Impact Wriothesley farming guide
here on Pro Game Guides.
More Posts from PGG