Trending
The Boys Season 5
Windrose
Invincible Season 4
Twitch
Overwatch
Gaming
Genshin Impact
Best Wriothesley Genshin Impact build: Artifacts, weapons, & more
by
James Busby
Updated:
Oct 17, 2023, 11:08
Save for later
Save for later
HoYoverse
Get Notifications for Gaming News
Wriothesley is a
brand new Ice unit in
Genshin Impact
. If you are pulling for the character, here is a guide on the unit covering his artifacts, weapons, and other areas.
Wriothesley is an HP scaling DPS unit in the
game
. He seems interesting and has a really fun playstyle. This unit is all about punching enemies in the face with as much force as possible.
However, you need to take care of his HP as his damage is directly related to how this particular stat increases or decreases. Therefore, you have to ensure that his HP does not fall too much where he gets one-shot by the enemy.
Article continues after ad
In any case, here is a detailed guide for Wriothesley in Genshin Impact.
Contents
Wriothesley abilities
Wriothesley passives
Wriothesley constellations
Best artifacts for Wriothesley
Best weapons for Wriothesley
Talent and Ascension materials for Wriothesley
Best Wriothesley team comp
Wriothesley trailer
Wriothesley abilities in Genshin Impact
Wriothesley’s talents make him an HP scaling unit
Normal Attack: Forceful Fists of Frost
Normal Attack
Coalescing frost about his fist, Wriothesley will unleash powerful Repelling Fists, performing up to 5 rapid attacks that deal Cryo DMG. Apart from this, Normal Attack combo count will not reset for a short time sprinting.
Article continues after ad
Plunging Attack
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE Cryo DMG upon impact.
Charged Attack
Article continues after ad
Consumes a fixed amount of Stamina to leap and unleash a Vaulting Fist, dealing AoE Cryo DMG.
Elemental Skill – Icefang Rush
Adjusting his breathing, rhythm, and pace, Wriothesley sprints forward a short distance, entering the Chilling Penalty state and unleashing more powerful attacks than before.
Chilling Penalty
Increases Wriothesley’s interruption resistance
When his HP is above 50%, it will enhance the Repelling Fists of Normal Attack: Forceful Fists of Frost and increase its DMG. When such an attack hits opponents, it will consume Wriothesley’s HP. HP can be lost once every 0.1 second.
Elemental Burst – Darkgold Wolfbite
Activates his boxing gloves, Wriothesley strikes out with an icy straight, then uses Icicle Impact to cause multiple instances of AoE Cryo DMG in a frontal area.
Arkhe
:
Ousia
After Icicle Impact ends, a Surging Blade will descend upon the opponent’s position, dealing Ousia-aligned Cryo DMG.
Related
Best Sparxie Honkai Star Rail build: Team, Light Cones, Eidolons, and Abilities
Best Clash Royale Decks for Arena 14 (Serenity Peak)
Best Hysilens Honkai Star Rail build: Relics, Light Cones & team comp
Article continues after ad
Wriothesley’s Passives in Genshin Impact
Wriothesley’s passives regulate his HP in the game
There Shall Be a Plea for Justice
When Wriothesley’s HP is less than 60%, he will obtain a Gracious Rebuke. The net Charged Attack of his Normal Attack: Forceful Fists of Frost will be enhanced to become Rebuke: Vaulting Fist. It will not consume Stamina, deal 30% increased DMG, and will restore HP for Wriothesley after hitting equal to 30% of his Max HP. You can gain a Gracious Rebuke this way once every 5s.
Article continues after ad
There Shall Be a Reckoning for Sin
When Wriothesley’s current HP increases or decreases, if he is in the Chilling Penalty state conferred by Icefang Rush, Chilling Penalty will gain one stack of Prosecution Edict. Max 5 stacks. Each stack will increase Wriothesley’s ATK by 6%.
Article continues after ad
The Duke’s Grace
When Wriothesley crafts Weapon Ascension Materials, he has a 10% chance to receive double the product.
Wriosthesley’s Constellations in Genshin Impact
Wriothesley constellations are well-worth the pull in the game
Level 1 – Terror for the Evildoers
: The Gracious Rebuke from “There Shall Be a Plea for Justice” shall be converted into: When Wriothesley’s HP is less than 60% or while he is in the Chilling Penalty state caused by Icefang Rush, when the fifth attack of Repelling Fists hits, it will create a Gracious Rebuke. 1 Gracious Rebuke effect can be obtained every 2.5s. Additionally, Rebuke: Vaulting Fist will obtain the following enhancement: DMG dealt will be further increased to 200%. When it hits while Wriothesley is in the Chilling Penalty state, that state’s duration is extended by 4s. 1 such extension can occur per 1 Chilling Penalty duration. You must first unlock the Passive Talent “There Shall Be a Plea for Justice.”
Level 2 – Shackles for the Arrogant:
When using Darkgold Wolfbite, each Prosecution Edict stack from the Passive Talent “There Shall Be a Reckoning for Sin” will increase said ability’s DMG dealt by 40%. You must first unlock the Passive Talent “There Shall Be a Reckoning for Sin.
Level 3 – Punishment for the Frauds:
Increases the Level of Normal Attack: Forceful Fists of Frost by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4 – Redemption for the Suffering:
The HP restored to Wriothesley through Rebuke: Vaulting Fist will be increased to 50% of his Max HP. You must first unlock the Passive Talent “There Shall Be a Plea for Justice.” Additionally, when Wriothesley is healed, if the amount of healing overflows, the following effects will occur depending on whether he is on the field or not. If he is on the field, his ATK SPD will be increased by 20% for 4s. If he is off-field, all party members’ ATK SPD will be increased by 10% for 6s. These two ATK SPD increasing methods cannot stack.
Level 5 – Mercy for the Wrongly Accused:
Increases the Level of Darkgold Wolfbite by 3. Maximum update level is 15.
Level 6 – Esteem for the Innocent:
The CRIT Rate of Rebuke: Vaulting Fist will be increased by 10%, and its CRIT DMG by 80%. When released, it will also unleash an icicle that deals 100% of Rebuke: Vaulting Fist’s Base DMG as Cryo DMG. DMG dealt this way is regarded as Charged Attack DMG. You must first unlock the Passive Talent “There Shall Be a Plea for Justice.”
Best Wriothesley artifacts in Genshin Impact
The best artifact set for Wriothesley in Genshin Impact is
Marechaussee Hunter
. The set bonus for this artifact has been presented below:
2-piece bonus
: Normal and Charged Attack DMG by 15%.
4-piece bonus
: When current HP increases or decreases, the wearer gains a 12% CRIT Rate for 5 seconds (Max 3 stacks).
Best weapon for Wriothesley in Genshin Impact
Wriothesley’s best-in-slot weapon makes him a very powerful unit
The best weapon for Wriothesley in Genshin Impact is
Cashflow Supervision
. This weapon has a CRIT Rate secondary stat which is always a viable option for a DPS unit. Additionally, this weapon increases the ATK of the wearer by 16%.
Article continues after ad
Once there is an increase or decrease in HP, Normal ATK DMG is increased by 16%, and a 14% increase in Charged Attack DMG. At 3 stacks, the wielder gains 8% ATK SPD. This weapon is exceptionally good, but the only way to get it is from the weapon banner whenever it becomes available.
Article continues after ad
You can also use the weapon called
Tulaytullah’s Remembrance
. This is the best-in-slot weapon for Scaramouche and if you have an extra in your inventory, you can give it to Wriothesley. However, this weapon is also limited and hard to obtain.
Article continues after ad
The best free-to-play weapon you can go for is 4-star Catalyst,
The Widsith
. The stats that this weapon provides are the best for any Catalyst user in the game, and you should have a few lying around if you have been playing for a long time.
Wriothesley Talent level-up and Ascension materials in Genshin Impact
Wriothesley is a unit from Fontaine, which means all his materials can be obtained from the same. In order to ascend him, you will need access to Shivada Jade Silver, Mechanical Spur Gear, Subdetection unit, and Tourbillion device.
Article continues after ad
Ascension Materials for Wriothesley
Ascension Level
Mora Cost
Materials
1
20000
Shivada Jade Silver x1
Meshing Gear x3
Subdetection Unit x3
2
40000
Shivada Jade Fragment x3
Meshing Gear x15
Tourbillion Device x2
Subdetection Unit x10
3
60000
Shivada Jade Fragment x6
Mechanical Spur Gear x12
Tourbillion Device x4
Subdetection Unit x20
4
80000
Shivada Jade Chunk x3
Mechanical Spur Gear x18
Tourbillion Device x8
Subdetection Unit x30
5
100000
Shivada Jade Chunk x6
Artificed Dynamic Gear x12
Tourbillion Device x12
Subdetection Unit x45
6
120000
Shivada Jade Gemstone x6
Artificed Dynamic Gear x24
Tourbillion Device x20
Subdetection Unit x60
Talent level-up materials for Wriothesley
Talent level-up materials for Wriothesley
Talent level-up materials
Teachings of Order x9
Guide to Order x63
Philosophies of Order x114
Common Ascension Materials
Meshing Gear x18
Mechanical Spur Gear x66
Artificed Dynamic Gear x93
Boss Materials
Priomordial Greenbloom x18
Best Wriothesley Team Comp in Genshin Impact
Wriothesley is an HP scaling unit, but there are no direct buffers in the game. Therefore, you need to run something else with him. One of the best teams you can run with Wriothesley is a freeze composition with
Rosaria,
Kokomi
, and
Kazuha
.
Article continues after ad
You can also run,
Shenhe
, Kokomi, and Kazuha
if you have those units. Additionally, you can run,
Rosaria,
Xingqiu
, and Kazuha
, which is more of a free-to-play freeze composition.
However, if you want, you can run melt compositions too. You can try going for
Shenhe,
Xiangling
, and,
Bennett
. Unfortunately, the melt composition feels clunky and is difficult to run, especially in the Spiral Abyss. Remember, using Bennett is necessary in the melt team, but it is counter-productive on account of his skill.
Article continues after ad
Wriothesley Trailer in Genshin Impact
On October 16, 2023, HoYoverse released a trailer for Wriothesley on their official YouTube channel. If you did not watch it yet, you can check it out from the link provided below:
This is all you need to know about Wriothesley in Genshin Impact. If you found it informative, do not forget to check out some of our other guides at Dexerto.
All Electro characters in Genshin Impact
|
All Cryo characters in Genshin Impact
|
Games like Genshin Impact
|
Best Barbara build in Genshin Impact
|
Best Genshin Impact Wish Simulators
|
Genshin Impact stats tracker
|
Is Genshin Impact cross-platform?
|
All free characters in Genshin Impact
|
Genshin Impact pick rates
|
What is Pity in Genshin Impact?
|
Where to get Radish in Genshin Impact
|
Where to find your screenshot folder in Genshin Impact
|
Best Diluc build in Genshin Impact
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
More
Genshin Impact
News
Add as a preferred source on Google
Follow on Google News
keep reading
Featured Articles
Food
Kellogg’s revives classic cereal box toys with Toy Story 5 collab
Baldur's Gate
Baldur’s Gate 3 mods have officially turned Shadowheart into a catgirl
Entertainment
Endangered animal rescued thousands of miles from home, and now it’s a pet
Gaming
What is the current banner in Girls’ Frontline 2? All banners explained
TV & Movies
Why isn’t Brooke Hogan in Hulk Hogan: Real American? Netflix documentary explained
Sign up to Dexerto
For The latest News, Views & Reviews
Better Reading Experience
|
Save Your Favourite Items
Sign up