Wriothesley is a five-star Cryo catalyst user with close-ranged combat mechanics using his fists, as part of a system that Genshin Impact had previously experimented with through
Shikanoin Heizou
. He's the formidable Lord of the Fortress of Meropide, who naturally has a close relationship with the little Meropide children, who often stick cute but difficult-to-remove stickers on his boxing gloves. If you're interested in preparing for Wriothesley or have been lucky enough to pull for him, here's everything you need to know on where to farm his Ascension and Talent materials.
Recommended Videos
All Wriothesley level-up, Talent, & Ascension materials in Genshin Impact
Wriothesley Level-up cost
You need to prepare the following resources to level Wriothesley up to 80 or 90. I recommend pushing characters who scale off Elemental Mastery to level 90, while you can take time to level others slowly.
Level
Hero's Wit
Mora
Level one to 80
248
987,905
Level one to 90
420
1,672,530
Wriothesley Ascension materials & cost
You need to prepare
420,000 Mora
and the following materials to fully Ascend Wriothesley to Ascension level six.
Local Specialty & Boss material
x168 Subdetection Unit
x46 "Tourbillion Device"
Wriothesley's local specialty is the
Subdetection Unit
, which is a mechanical bug found both above ground and underwater in Fontaine's Liffey Region. Meanwhile, his boss material is the "Tourbillion Device," farmed from the
Experimental Field Generator
(Prototype Cal. Breguet) in the Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering Region.
Gemstones
x1 Shivada Jade Sliver
x9
Shivada Jade
Fragment
x9
Shivada Jade
Chunk
x6
Shivada Jade
Gemstone
Shivada Jade materials are dropped by all Cryo Normal and World Bosses, including the Cryo Hypostasis, Cryo Regisvine, and the
Bathysmal Vishap Herd
. Additionally, you can
convert materials
using the Crafting Table to turn any of your existing Gemstones into Cryo ones.
Common materials
x18 Meshing Gear
x30 Mechanical Spur Gear
x36 Novel Dynamic Gear
Wriothesley's Ascension materials are Gears dropped by various
Clockwork Meka
scattered around Fontaine, both on land and underwater.
Related:
Genshin Impact Wriothesley kit – All Skills, Constellations, Passives & more!
Talent level-up materials & cost
You must prepare
1,652,500 Mora
and the following materials to level up all three of Wriothesley's Talents to
level 10
. Naturally, the cost will be a lot lower if you don't intend to triple-crown this character.
Talent materials
x9 Teachings of Order
x63 Guide to
Order
x114 Philosophies of
Order
Wriothesley's Talent materials can be farmed from the underwater Pale Forgotten Glory Domain on
Wednesdays, Saturdays, and Sundays
.
Common materials
x18
Meshing Gear
x66
Mechanical Spur Gear
x93
Novel Dynamic Gear
Wriothesley's Ascension materials are Gears dropped by various Clockwork Meka scattered around Fontaine, and they can be found both on land and underwater.
Weekly Boss material & Crown of Insight
x3 Crown of Insight
x18 Primordial Greenbloom
Crowns of Insight are limited rewards that can be obtained from big events. Meanwhile, Wriothesley's Weekly Boss material is the Primordial Greenbloom, which can be farmed from the
Guardian of Apep’s Oasis
in the Girdle of the Sands region of the Sumeru desert.
For more on Wriothesley, check out
Wriothesley’s Special Dish and how to cook it in Genshin Impact – Secret Sauce BBQ Ribs
here on Pro Game Guides.
More Posts from PGG