Wriothesley is an upcoming Genshin Impact five-star Cryo character from Fontaine, who leakers speculate will be a catalyst user. His release has been confirmed to be in Version 4.1 as HoYoverse has officially released his
drip marketing assets
. I'm extremely excited for Wriothesley, as his connection with the underwater prison called the Meropide Fortress hints at a new explorable area alongside his release.
Recommended Videos
As Lord of the Meropide Fortress, Wriothesley manages administrative tasks in the prison, often putting prisoners into place. He's also close to the Melusine child named Sigewinne, as they were seen together in the Fontaine Overture Teaser. Do keep in mind that
the information below has not been confirmed by HoYoverse and is solely based on leaks, so take them with a grain of salt.
It's common for changes to occur between the beta test and official release.
Wriothesley – Skills, Constellations, & more in Genshin Impact
Wriothesley Skills
Auto Attack: Forceful Fists of Frost
Normal Attack
: Coalescing frost about his fist, Wriothesley will unleash powerful Repelling Fists, performing up to 5 rapid attacks that deal Cryo Damage. Apart from this, Normal Attack combo count will not reset for a short time after using Icefang Rush or sprinting.
Charged Attack
: Consumes a fixed amount of Stamina to leap and unleash a Vaulting Fist, dealing AoE Cryo Damage.
Plunging Attack
: Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE Cryo Damage upon impact.
Elemental Skill: Icefang Rush
Adjusting his breathing, rhythm, and pace, Wriothesley sprints forward a short distance, entering the Chilling Penalty state and unleashing more powerful attacks than before.
Chilling Penalty
Increases Wriothesley's interruption resistance
When his HP is above 50%, it will enhance the Repelling Fists of Normal Attack: Forceful Fists of Frost and increase its damage. When such an attack hits, it will consume a fixed amount of Wriothesley's HP. HP can be lost this way once every 0.1 seconds.
This effect will be canceled should Wriothesley leave the field.
Elemental Burst: Darkgold Wolfbite
Activating his boxing gloves, Wriothesley strikes out with an icy straight, then uses Icicle Impact to cause multiple instances of AoE Cryo Damage in a frontal area.
Arkhe: Ousia
After Icicle Impact ends, a Surging Blade will descend upon the opponent's position, dealing Ousia-aligned Cryo DMG.
Cooldown
: 15 seconds
Related:
Wriothesley’s Special Dish and how to cook it in Genshin Impact – Secret Sauce BBQ Ribs
Wriothesley Passives
Passive one (The Duke's Grace)
: When Wriothesley crafts Weapon Ascension Materials, he has a 10% chance to receive double the product.
Passive two (There Shall Be a Plea for Justice)
: When Wriothesley's HP is less than 60%, he will obtain a Gracious Rebuke. The next Charged Attack of his Normal Attack: Forceful Fists of Frost will be enhanced to become Rebuke: Vaulting Fist. It will not consume Stamina, will deal 50% increased damage, and after hitting will restore HP for Wriothesley equal to 30% of his Max HP. You can gain a Gracious Rebuke this way once every five seconds.
Passive three (There Shall Be a Reckoning for Sin):
When Wriothesley's current HP increases or decreases, if he is in the Chilling Penalty state conferred by Icefang Rush, Chilling Penalty will gain one stack of Prosecution Edict. Max five stacks. Each stack will increase Wriothesley's Attack by 6%.
Related:
Genshin Impact The Narzissenkreuz Adventure World Quest guide
Wriothesley Constellations
C1 (Terror for the Evildoers):
The Gracious Rebuke from the Passive Talent "There Shall Be a Plea for Justice" is changed to this:
When Wriothesley's HP is less than 60% or while he is in the Chilling Penalty state caused by Icefang Rush, when the fifth attack of Repelling Fists hits, it will create a Gracious Rebuke. Only one Gracious Rebuke effect can be obtained every 2.5 seconds.
Additionally, Rebuke: Vaulting Fist will obtain the following enhancement:
The Damage Bonus gained will be further increased to 200%.
When it hits while Wriothesley is in the Chilling Penalty state, that state's duration is extended by four seconds. Only one such extension can occur per one Chilling Penalty duration.
You must first unlock the Passive Talent "There Shall Be a Plea for Justice."
C2 (Shackles for the Arrogant):
When using Darkgold Wolfbite, each Prosecution Edict stack from the Passive Talent "There Shall Be a Reckoning for Sin" will increase said ability's damage dealt by 40%. You must first unlock the Passive Talent "There Shall Be a Reckoning for Sin."
C3 (Punishment for the Frauds):
Increases the Level of Normal Attack: Forceful Fists of Frost by three. Maximum upgrade Level is 15.
C4 (Redemption for the Suffering):
The HP restored to Wriothesley through Rebuke: Vaulting Fist will be increased to 50% of his Max HP. You must first unlock the Passive Talent "There Shall Be a Plea for Justice." Additionally, when Wriothesley is healed, if the amount of healing overflows, the following effects will occur depending on whether he is on the field or not.
If he is on the field, his ATK SPD will be increased by 20% for four seconds.
If he is off-field, all party members' Attack Speed will be increased by 10% for six seconds. These two methods of increasing Attack Speed cannot stack.
C5 (Mercy for the Wronged):
Increases the Level of Darkgold Wolfbite by three. Maximum upgrade Level is 15.
C6 (Esteem for the Innocent):
The Crit Rate of Rebuke: Vaulting Fist will be increased by 10%, and its Crit Damage by 80%. When unleashed, it will also create an additional icicle that deals 100% of Rebuke: Vaulting Fist's Base Damage as Cryo Damage. The Damage dealt this way is regarded as Charged Attack Damage. You must first unlock the Passive Talent "There Shall Be a Plea for Justice."
For more on the nation of justice, check out
Fontaine Ancient Key Location – Aqueous Tidemarks Genshin Impact Quest Guide
and
Genshin Impact Ann’s Story Quest Guide – Kingdom Through the Looking-Glass
here on Pro Game Guides.
More Posts from PGG