Genshin Impact
has released the
Version 4.1 Update
, where they have released and introduced
Wriothesley
, the Administrator of the Fortress of Meropide. He was first teased in the
Overture teaser
and since then fans have been anticipating what his personality and story would be like. In this guide, we will talk about the ways to complete the Wriothesley Story Quest in Genshin Impact as well as give our analysis of his story.
How to unlock Wriothesley Story Quest “Reborn in the Land of Grievances” Cerberus Chapter: Act I in Genshin Impact
To unlock and play Wriothesley’s first Story Quest, players must:
Be at
Adventure Rank (AR) 40
and above.
Have at least
one Story Key
, which can be obtained by completing the Daily Commissions 8 times.
Complete the
Fontaine Archon Quests
til
l Chapter Four, Act IV: Cataclysm’s Quickening
Table Of Contents
How to unlock Wriothesley Story Quest “Reborn in the Land of Grievances” Cerberus Chapter: Act I in Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Wriothesley Story Quest Guide: Quest Walkthrough
Wriothesley Story Quest ACT I: In-Depth Review and Discussion
Final Thoughts
Genshin Impact Wriothesley Story Quest Guide: Quest Walkthrough
Wriothesley’s 1st Story Quest in Genshin Impact is divided into 3 different parts, with rewards attached to it.
Part 1: An Opportunity for Rebirth
You and Paimon arrive at the dormitories in the Fortress of Meropide.
Image via HoYoverse
Go to the dormitories in the Fortress of Meropide
Look for the hat near the lift
Look for the hat near the box
Look for the hat near the railings
Go to the Rag and Bone Shop
Give the hat back
Go to the Coupon Cafeteria with Wriothesley
Part 1 Rewards
Adventure EXP x500
Mora x35475
Hero’s Wit x4
Mystic Enhancement Ore x8
Part 2: The Proud “Beret Society”
Through your conversation, you learn of an organization known as the “Beret Society” that provides support for prisoners who feel helpless and lonely. Wriothesley suggests that you come with him and take a look at their daily lives.
Image via HoYoverse
Go to the Beret Society’s gathering place
Chat with the members of the Beret Society
Talk to Wriothesley
Return to the Beret Society’s gathering place
Talk to the members of the Beret Society again
Share your thoughts with Wriothesley
Wait until nighttime (18:00 – 24:00)
Meet up with Wriothesley as you agreed
Talk to Wriothesley
Part 2 Rewards
Adventure EXP x550
Mora x38100
Hero’s Wit x4
Mystic Enhancement Ore x8
Part 3: It’s What He Deserves
Evidence from Avice suggests that the Beret Society’s leader, Dougier, has been using extremely cruel methods to control its members. No one could sit there and watch such evil deeds unfold.
Image via HoYoverse
Go to the Beret Society’s gathering place
Look for clues in this area
Talk to Wriothesley
Go to the production zone
Investigate the production zone with Wriothesley
Go after the Beret Society members who escaped
Talk to the Beret Society members you captured
Go to the Beret Society’s real headquarters
Talk to Wriothesley
Proceed deeper
Rescue the victims and investigate
Continue exploring
Operate the device in front of you
Proceed further
Try opening the door in front of you
Talk to the guards
Return to the center room and try opening the new door
Proceed to the deepest area
Defeat the Gardemeks
Capture Dougier and save the victims
Go to Wriothesley’s office
Talk to Wriothesley
Wait until two days later (11:00 – 13:00)
Meet up with Wriothesley at the Coupon Cafeteria
Part 3 Rewards
Primogems x60
Adventure EXP x 700
Mora x49200
Guide to Equity x5
Adventurer’s Experience x6
Mystic Enhancement Ore x11
Wriothesley Story Quest ACT I: In-Depth Review and Discussion
Wriothesley’s Characterization
Wriothesley was first introduced in the Overtune teaser. As far we know in terms of first impression, he seemed to be a serious man with dark aesthetics who oversees the prison. Only during 4.1 did we actually have to finally interact and understand his character and his part in the Archon Quest storyline. Despite having a scary outward appearance, Wriothesley is quite opposite to what he looks like.
Interacting with him made us understand how down-to-earth he really is, being chatty and light-hearted in conversations but also witty, and being quite self-aware in his surroundings. Wriothesley being the
Duke of the Fortress of Meropide
made him a great administrator, he changed the rules of the underworld and made living in the fortress a better place.
Image via HoYoverse
Seeing such a great and perceptive character did not prepare us to finally unveil his backstory and the story of how he became the Duke. Wriothesley has been an orphaned kid, he never knew his parents and hence has been in foster homes. He finally found a good foster home but of course, things did not go as planned as it was revealed that Wriothesley’s foster mom and dad used to experiment on their foster children.
Feeling raged by this information, he proceeded to murder both of his parents. This is the reason why he was put on trial for his crimes and exiled to the
Fortress of Meropide
. From here he slowly worked himself up the ladder till he was promoted to the
Duke of the Fortress
. With such a grim backstory it is surprisingly nice to see a character so laid back and humorous such as Wriothesley, refreshing from all the other traumatized characters we have seen with sad backstories that wind up being serious and emo.
Overall Plot
The plot is very grim and dark once you reach the end of it and slowly uncover the secrets of the Beret Society. The story first starts with an NPC who lost their signature hat of the Beret Society. Wriothesley helps him and in turn, we get to spend more time with him in the Fortress of Meropide. Wriothesley reveals some of the social structure in the Fortress, how things run and his position as the Duke.
It turns out he has been keeping a close eye on the Beret Society’s leader, as it was revealed that he has been experimenting on the people. We get to also see this ruthless side of Wriothesley where he acts viciously and almost kills the leader, claiming that he will feel no remorse for doing so. Only after that do we understand why he acted the way he did, as it recalled his foster parents and the atrocities that happened to him.
Final Thoughts
Despite a story quest with just NPCs all around, it was far from being boring. The story quest proved to be engaging and has ties to Wriothesley as a character and his position in the Fortress of Meropide. Genshin Impact should keep this up with their Story Quests for the playable character, making it more character-focused than NPC-focused.
Check our other articles on Genshin Impact here
What are your thoughts on the Wriothesley Story Quest in Genshin Impact? Let us know in the comments below.
For more Mobile Gaming news and updates, join our
WhatsApp group
,
Telegram Group
,
or
Discord server
. Also, follow us on
Google News
,
Instagram
, and
Twitter
for quick updates.
Tags
Gacha Games
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse