Wriothesley is a playable Cryo character in Genshin Impact. He is one of the most powerful and thus popular champions. We decided to write this guide to help you learn more about Wriothesley. In our Genshin Impact Wriothesley Build and Best Team Comp post, you will learn about Wriothesley’s talents, how they work and how to upgrade them. Also, you will read about his Constellations that will help you make Wriothesley even more powerful. After that, we have written Genshin Impact Wriothesley Build where you’ll see weapon and artifact set. And at last, we have mentioned the best team comps for Wriothesley as the Main DPS hero.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
The whole information is presented in tables. You can use the navigation bar above to move quickly to the information block that you are most interested in.
Talents
Constellations
Build
Team
Wriothesley Build
Below you can see the best weapon option for playing Wriothesley in Genshin Impact. Accompanied by the best Wriothesley artifact set and its stat priorities.
Main DPS Build
If you play this champion as a Main DPS in your comp you should take the weapon and artifacts from the list below. They are believed to be the most effective ones in almost all situations.
Weapon
Cashflow Supervision
Weapon Substitutes:
Tulaytullah’s Remembrance
,
Lost Prayer to the Sacred Winds
,
The Widsith
,
Flowing Purity
.
Artifact Set
Marechaussee Hunter
(4-Piece)
Artifact Main Stats Priority:
ATK%
Cryo DMG Bonus
CRIT DMG
Sub Stats Priority: CRIT DMG > ATK% > CRIT Rate > Elemental Mastery / Energy Recharge
Talent Priority
Forceful Fists of Frost > Icefang Rush > Darkgold Wolfbite
Best Team Compositions for Wriothesley
When you play Genshin Impact everything depends not only on your main character but also on the composition. You should learn how elements complement each other and build the best team for your main. Below you can see the best team composition for Wriothesley with 2 Sub DPS and Support characters. Also, we have included alternative characters for each role that go well with Wriothesley too.
Wriothesley can constantly use Cryo , which is useful for Elemental Reactions such as Freeze. For Freeze Teams, pick Yelan, she suits Wriothesley’s play style very well, triggering Frozen with practically every hit. Shenhe can provide DMG support for Cryo characters. Zhongli’s shields are formidable and can negate interruption with Res Shred.
How to Build Genshin Impact Wriothesley Team?
Good characters for this comp:
Kaedehara Kazuha, Jean, Mona, Xingqiu, Rosaria, Kaeya, Qiqi, Diona, Mika.
If you want to know more about every teammate for Wriothesley you can click on the link below and find them in the list of all Genshin Impact characters that we have described.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
In case you are still not sure what champion you want to pick as main we have
Genshin Impact characters tier list
with explanations on how to build your best team.
Wriothesley Talents
Below you can see the list of talents that Wriothesley uses during the fight. Each of them we have described with the main characteristics.
Forceful Fists of Frost
Normal Attack
Normal Attack:
Coalescing frost about his fist, Wriothesley will unleash powerful Repelling Fists, performing up to 5 rapid attacks that deal Cryo DMG.
Apart from this, Normal Attack combo count will not reset for a short time after using Icefang Rush or sprinting.
Charged Attack:
Consumes a fixed amount of Stamina to leap and unleash a Vaulting Fist, dealing AoE Cryo DMG.
Plunging Attack:
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE Cryo DMG upon impact.
Icefang Rush
Elemental Skill
Adjusting his breathing, rhythm, and pace, Wriothesley sprints forward a short distance, entering the Chilling Penalty state and unleashing more powerful attacks than before.
Chilling Penalty
Increases Wriothesley’s interruption resistance
When his HP is above 50%, it will enhance the Repelling Fists of Normal Attack: Forceful Fists of Frost and increase its DMG. When such an attack hits, it will consume a fixed amount of Wriothesley’s HP. HP can be lost this way once every 0.1s.
This effect will be canceled should Wriothesley leave the field.
Darkgold Wolfbite
Elemental Burst
Activating his boxing gloves, Wriothesley strikes out with an icy straight, then uses Icicle Impact to cause multiple instances of AoE Cryo DMG in a frontal area.
Arkhe: Ousia
After Icicle Impact ends, a Surging Blade will descend upon the opponent’s position, dealing Ousia-aligned Cryo DMG.
There Shall Be a Plea for Justice
1st Ascension Passive
When Wriothesley’s HP is less than 60%, he will obtain a Gracious Rebuke. The next Charged Attack of his Normal Attack: Forceful Fists of Frost will be enhanced to become Rebuke: Vaulting Fist. It will not consume Stamina, will deal 50% increased DMG, and after hitting will restore HP for Wriothesley equal to 30% of his Max HP.
You can gain a Gracious Rebuke this way once every 5s.
There Shall Be a Reckoning for Sin
4th Ascension Passive
When Wriothesley’s current HP increases or decreases, if he is in the Chilling Penalty state conferred by Icefang Rush, Chilling Penalty will gain one stack of Prosecution Edict. Max 5 stacks. Each stack will increase Wriothesley’s ATK by 6%.
The Duke’s Grace
Utility Passive
When Wriothesley crafts Weapon Ascension Materials, he has a 10% chance to receive double the product.
Every talent can be upgraded up to level 15. But to do so you will need to gather materials on particular days. The list of the needed materials for leveling Wriothesley’s talents is mentioned in the next block.
Talent Leveling Materials
So here you can see all materials that you will need in order to level up Wriothesley’s talents.
Talent Level-Up Materials
Order Books:
Teachings of Order
,
Guide to Order
,
Philosophies of Order
.
Common Ascension Materials
Meshing Gear
,
Mechanical Spur Gear
,
Artificed Dynamic Gear
.
Weekly Boss Material
Primordial Greenbloom
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
Some of them are required at the beginning for low levels and others are more advanced. We just wanted to focus your attention on material types in general.
Wriothesley Constellations
In Genshin Impact characters have a specific upgrade system called constellation. You will need to get a specific item called Stella Fortuna to increase the level of constellation. Each character has their own version of Stella Fortuna, which you get by obtaining a duplicate of the character from Wishes.
Level 1
Terror for the Evildoers
The Gracious Rebuke from the Passive Talent “There Shall Be a Plea for Justice” is changed to this:
When Wriothesley’s HP is less than 60% or while he is in the Chilling Penalty state caused by Icefang Rush, when the fifth attack of Repelling Fists hits, it will create a Gracious Rebuke. 1 Gracious Rebuke effect can be obtained every 2.5s.
Additionally, Rebuke: Vaulting Fist will obtain the following enhancement:
The DMG Bonus gained will be further increased to 200%.
When it hits while Wriothesley is in the Chilling Penalty state, that state’s duration is extended by 4s. 1 such extension can occur per 1 Chilling Penalty duration.
You must first unlock the Passive Talent “There Shall Be a Plea for Justice.”
Level 2
Shackles for the Arrogant
When using Darkgold Wolfbite, each Prosecution Edict stack from the Passive Talent “There Shall Be a Reckoning for Sin” will increase said ability’s DMG dealt by 40%.
You must first unlock the Passive Talent “There Shall Be a Reckoning for Sin.”
Level 3
Punishment for the Frauds
Increases the Level of Normal Attack: Forceful Fists of Frost by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4
Redemption for the Suffering
The HP restored to Wriothesley through Rebuke: Vaulting Fist will be increased to 50% of his Max HP. You must first unlock the Passive Talent “There Shall Be a Plea for Justice.”
Additionally, when Wriothesley is healed, if the amount of healing overflows, the following effects will occur depending on whether he is on the field or not. If he is on the field, his ATK SPD will be increased by 20% for 4s. If he is off-field, all of your own party members’ ATK SPD will be increased by 10% for 6s. These two methods of increasing ATK SPD cannot stack.
Level 5
Mercy for the Wronged
Increases the Level of Darkgold Wolfbite by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6
Esteem for the Innocent
The CRIT Rate of Rebuke: Vaulting Fist will be increased by 10%, and its CRIT DMG by 80%. When unleashed, it will also create an additional icicle that deals 100% of Rebuke: Vaulting Fist’s Base DMG as Cryo DMG. DMG dealt this way is regarded as Charged Attack DMG.
You must first unlock the Passive Talent “There Shall Be a Plea for Justice.”
Every Genshin Impact character has own set of constellations above you can see Wriothesley constellations list with descriptions.
Ascension Materials
In addition, there are ascension phases that increase the level cap for your character. After Wriothesley reaches the 20th level he can be ascended to the next ascension phase, up to phase 6, which allow getting 90th level.
Character Ascension Materials
Shivada Jade:
Shivada Jade Sliver
,
Shivada Jade Fragment
,
Shivada Jade Chunk
,
Shivada Jade Gemstone
.
Tourbillon Device
Common Ascension Materials
Meshing Gear
,
Mechanical Spur Gear
,
Artificed Dynamic Gear
.
Local Specialty
Subdetection Unit
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
In order to level up ascension phases you’ll need materials. So the list of those required for Wriothesley is listed above.
Artem R.
I have been an avid gamer since childhood. My favorite genres are RPGs, Action, and MMOs. Some of my all-time favorite games include the Diablo and Path of Exile ARPG series, the Dark Souls series, and JRPGs like Xenoblade, Atelier, and the Final Fantasy. I am also a big fan of the PSP and PS Vita, and I currently enjoy gaming on my Nintendo Switch.
Post Views:
2,794
Please share it with your friends
Tags:
Genshin Impact
Post navigation
Previous
Best Unique Items in Diablo IV: Tier List
Next
The Best PC Gaming Platforms to Our Mind