Beidou is a playable Electro character in Genshin Impact. We decided to write this guide to help you learn more about Beidou. In our Genshin Impact Beidou Build and Best Team Comp post you will learn about Beidou’s talents, how they work and how to upgrade them. Also, you will read about her Constellations that will help you make Beidou even more powerful. After that, we have written Genshin Impact Beidou Build where you’ll see weapon and artifact set. And at last, we have mentioned the best team comps for Beidou as the Sub DPS hero.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
The whole information is presented in tables. You can use the navigation bar above to move quickly to the information block that you are most interested in.
Talents
Constellations
Build
Team
Beidou Build
Below you can see the best weapon option for playing Beidou in Genshin Impact. Accompanied by the best Beidou artifact set and its stat priorities.
Sub DPS Build
If you play this champion as a Sub DPS in your comp you should take the weapon and artifacts from the list below. They are believed to be the most effective ones in almost all situations.
Weapon
Skyward Pride
Weapon Substitutes:
Wolf’s Gravestone
,
Serpent Spine
,
Rainslasher
.
Artifact Set
Thundering Fury
(2-Piece)
&
Noblesse Oblige
(2-Piece)
Artifact Main Stats Priority:
ATK%
Electro DMG Bonus
CRIT DMG / CRIT Rate
Sub Stats Priority: CRIT DMG > CRIT Rate > ATK% > Elemental Mastery / Energy Recharge
Talent Priority
Tidecaller > Stormbreaker > Oceanborne
Main DPS Build
If you play this champion as a Main DPS in your comp you should take the weapon and artifacts from the list below. They are believed to be the most effective ones in almost all situations.
Weapon
Wolf’s Gravestone
Artifact Set
Thundering Fury
(2-Piece)
&
Gladiator’s Finale
(2-Piece)
Artifact Main Stats Priority:
ATK%
Electro DMG Bonus
CRIT DMG / CRIT Rate
Sub Stats Priority: CRIT DMG > CRIT Rate > ATK% > Elemental Mastery / Energy Recharge
Talent Priority
Oceanborne > Tidecaller > Stormbreaker
Best Team Compositions for Beidou
When you play Genshin Impact everything depends not only on your main character but also on the composition. You should learn how elements complement each other and build the best team for your main. Below you can see the best team composition for Beidou with Main DPS, sub DPS character and one support. Also, we have included alternative characters for each role that go well with Beidou too.
Beidou as a Sub DPS
Sub-DPS Beidou is good for Cryo characters that force physical damage because they can trigger Superconduct that decreases physical damage reduction. Also, you can pick Pyro casters to activate Recharge reaction under Beidou’s Burst it will deal a lot of damage. In the composition above you can see Eula main physical DPS build where Beidou is a sub-DPS. Fischl provides with an additional source of permanent Electro powers and activates Electro resonance. Bennett is a good healer and the source of Regarged reaction.
Good characters for this comp:
Tartaglia, Mona, Xingqiu, Kaeya, Venti, Jean, Diona.
If you want to know more about every teammate for Beidou you can click on the link below and find them in the list of all Genshin Impact characters that we have described.
Beidou as a Main DPS
Beidou has powerful attacks that make her a strong main DPS, in addition, she also is a great Electro spreader. On the other hand, her burst has high energy cost. So you need to form a team that will help Beidou gain energy faster and increase the power of her Burst with Electro reactions. With Xingqiu Hydro element Beidou deals AoE Electro damage. Fischl not only provides the team with Electro Resonance but also enabling Beidou to fill her Burst faster. Diona is good to trigger Superconduct and providing shields.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
In case you are still not sure what champion you want to pick as main we have
Genshin Impact characters tier list
with explanations on how to build your best team.
Beidou Talents
Below you can see the list of talents that Beidou uses during the fight. Each of them we have described with the main characteristics.
Oceanborne
Normal Attack
Normal Attack:
Perform up to 5 consecutive strikes.
Charged Attack:
Drains Stamina over time to perform continuous slashes.
At the end of the sequence, perform a more powerful slash.
Plunging Attack:
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Tidecaller
Elemental Skill
Nothing to worry about. Should anyone raise a hand against her or her men, she will avenge it ten-fold with sword and thunder.
Press:
Accumulating the power of lightning, Beidou swings her blade forward fiercely, dealing Electro DMG.
Hold:
Lifts her weapon up as a shield. Max DMG absorbed scales off Beidou’s Max HP. Attacks using the energy stored within the greatsword upon release or once this ability’s duration expires, dealing Electro DMG. DMG dealt scales with the number of times Beidou is attacked in the skill’s duration. The greatest DMG Bonus will be attained once this effect is triggered twice.
The shield possesses the following properties:
Has 250% Electro DMG Absorption Efficiency.
Applies the Electro element to Beidou upon activation.
Stormbreaker
Elemental Burst
Recalling her slaying of the great beast Haishan, Beidou calls upon that monstrous strength and the lightning to create a Thunderbeast’s Targe around herself, dealing Electro DMG to nearby opponents.
Thunderbeast’s Targe:
When Normal and Charged Attacks hit, they create a lightning discharge that can jump between opponents, dealing Electro DMG.
Increases the character’s resistance to interruption, and decreases DMG taken.
A maximum of 1 lightning discharge can be triggered per second.
Retribution
1st Ascension Passive
Counterattacking with Tidecaller at the precise moment when the character is hit grants the maximum DMG Bonus.
Lightning Storm
4th Ascension Passive
Gain the following effects for 10s after unleashing Tidecaller with its maximum DMG Bonus:
DMG dealt by Normal and Charged Attacks is increased by 15%. ATK SPD of Normal and Charged Attacks is increased by 15%.
Greatly reduced delay before unleashing Charged Attacks.
Conqueror of Tides
Utility Passive
Decreases swimming Stamina consumption of your characters in the party by 20%.
Not stackable with Passive Talents that provide the exact same effects.
Every talent can be upgraded up to level 15. But to do so you will need to gather materials on particular days. The list of the needed materials for leveling Beidou’s talents is mentioned in the next block.
Talent Leveling Materials
So here you can see all materials that you will need in order to level up Beidou’s talents.
Talent Level-Up Materials
Gold Books:
Teachings of Gold
,
Guide to Gold
,
Philosophies of Gold
.
Common Ascension Materials
Treasure Hoarder Insignia
,
Silver Raven Insignia
,
Golden Raven Insignia
.
Weekly Boss Material
Dvalin’s Sigh
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
Some of them are required at the beginning for low levels and others are more advanced. We just wanted to focus your attention on material types in general.
Beidou Constellations
In Genshin Impact characters have a specific upgrade system called constellation. You will need to get a specific item called Stella Fortuna to increase the level of constellation. Each character has their own version of Stella Fortuna, which you get by obtaining a duplicate of the character from Wishes.
Level 1
Sea Beast’s Scourge
When Stormbreaker is used:
Creates a shield that absorbs up to 16% of Beidou’s Max HP for 15s.
This shield absorbs Electro DMG 250% more effectively.
Level 2
Upon the Turbulent Sea, the Thunder Arises
Stormbreaker’s arc lightning can jump to 2 additional targets.
Level 3
Summoner of Storm
Increases the Level of Tidecaller by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4
Stunning Revenge
Within 10s of taking DMG, Beidou’s Normal Attacks gain 20% additional Electro DMG.
Level 5
Crimson Tidewalker
Increases the Level of Stormbreaker by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6
Bane of Evil
During the duration of Stormbreaker, the Electro RES of surrounding opponents is decreased by 15%.
Every Genshin Impact character has own set of constellations above you can see Beidou constellations list with descriptions.
Ascension Materials
In addition, there are ascension phases that increase the level cap for your character. After Beidou reaches the 20th level she can be ascended to the next ascension phase, up to phase 6, which allow getting 90th level.
Character Ascension Materials
Vajrada Amethyst:
Vajrada Amethyst Sliver
,
Vajrada Amethyst Fragment
,
Vajrada Amethyst Chunk
,
Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone
.
Lightning Prism
Common Ascension Materials
Treasure Hoarder Insignia
,
Silver Raven Insignia
,
Golden Raven Insignia
.
Local Specialty
Noctilucous Jade
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
In order to level up ascension phases you’ll need materials. So the list of those required for Beidou is listed above.
Artem R.
I have been an avid gamer since childhood. My favorite genres are RPGs, Action, and MMOs. Some of my all-time favorite games include the Diablo and Path of Exile ARPG series, the Dark Souls series, and JRPGs like Xenoblade, Atelier, and the Final Fantasy. I am also a big fan of the PSP and PS Vita, and I currently enjoy gaming on my Nintendo Switch.
Post Views:
9,859
Please share it with your friends
Tags:
Genshin Impact
Post navigation
Previous
Genshin Impact Kaedehara Kazuha Banner Release Date
Next
All WoW Burning Crusade Classic Mounts and How to Get Them