Genshin Impact: Best Team Compositions For Beidou
By
Nahda Nabiilah
Published
Oct 18, 2022, 12:30 PM EDT
Nahda Nabiilah is a writer and editor from Indonesia. She has always loved writing and playing games, so one day she decided to combine the two. Most of the time, writing gaming guides is a blast for her, due to it being two of Nahda's favorite things. She strives to make detailed and easy-to-follow guides.
Sign in to your
GameRant
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Beidou
Electro
Claymore
Liyue
Guides
Ascension
Builds
Weapons
Team Comp
Constellation
Player Mistakes
Back to All Characters
While popular among
Genshin Impact
fans, Beidou is still underrated as a playable character. Players always prefer other Electro users like Fischl, Yae Miko, or Raiden Shogun. Understandably, some Electro units can add so much to their teams. Raiden Shogun for example can enhance her team’s Burst DMG while she is one of the best Electro applicators in
Genshin Impact
. She also possesses an amazing DMG on her Burst.
For that, not many people take their chances on Beidou and take advantage of her defensive and offensive kit. She is an all-rounded character that can offer so much to her team, especially in some of these Beidou team comps in
Genshin Impact
.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best Weapons For Candace
5
Beidou + Sucrose + Xingqiu + Fischl
This Beidou team comp in
Genshin Impact
has three of the best off-field DMG
dealers. Beidou and Xingqiu can use their Elemental Burst and leave the field for Fischl who’ll cast either her Skill or Burst to summon Oz. After that, Sucrose will make her way out to Swirl and trigger more Electro-Charged reactions and reduce enemies’ Electro and Hydro resistance.
Xingqiu’s Burst has the longest time on the field, so players should start with his Rain Swords and follow that with Beidou’s Stormbreaker. Both of these Bursts will grant the protection needed to withstand most attacks. Fischl is more complicated to use since players need to keep rotating her inside the field to make sure Oz stays on the field.
Team Roles
Beidou:
Sub-DPS, shielder
Xingqiu:
Sub-DPS, minor healer
Fischl:
Sub-DPS
Sucrose:
Crowd Control, buffer, debuffer (4pc Viridescent Venerer)
4
Beidou + Childe + Fischl + Kazuha
Known as the Firework team comp, this Taser team focuses on Childe as the main DPS.
Childe’s has an amazing Hydro application
due to his strong AoE attacks. This strong Hydro enabling allows Beidou and Fischl to perfectly spread their Electro-Charged reactions all over the enemies. Build Beidou with Rainslasher and get as much Elemental Mastery as possible on her, while Fischl should be built like any classic Sub-DPS to trigger more Crit hits.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Xingqiu Constellation Guide
Sucrose can be a great support for this Beidou team comp, but
Kazuha can perform better
since he will greatly enhance Childe’s performance on the field. Kazuha will also collect them, which will make it easier for Fischl and Beidou to spread their Electro-Charged reactions among enemies.
Team Roles
Beidou:
Shielder, Electro-Charged trigger
Childe:
Main-DPS
Fischl:
Sub-DPS
Kazuha:
Support, Crowd Control, buffer, debuffer (4pc Viridescent Venerer)
3
Beidou + Cyno + Dendro MC + Xingqiu
The problem with
Cyno in
Genshin Impact
is his role as a selfish main DPS which forbids people from swapping him out on the duration of his Elemental Burst. This means it will be tough for players to maintain enough sub-DPS materials for the whole duration of Cyno's ultimate. Therefore, putting characters that have a long Burst duration would be a major help for Cyno.
This Beidou team comp starts with Xingqiu’s Burst, then the Traveler’s Dendro field. Make sure to hit the Dendro AoE with Hydro to extend its AoE. Afterward, Burst with Beidou and then go berserk with Cyno.
Team Roles
Beidou:
Sub-DPS, shielder
Cyno:
Main DPS
Dendro MC:
Sub-DPS, Dendro enabler, buffer
Xingqiu:
Sub-DPS, minor healer, Bloom trigger
2
Beidou + Yoimiya + Fischl + Sucrose
Same as Childe, if not more, Yoimiya is obsessed with fireworks, so why not build a Fireworks team comp for her as well? Yoimiya can benefit from her ranged Pyro DMG to aggressively enable Beidou and Fischl to trigger Overloaded. That synergy will send lesser enemies flying everywhere as Yoimiya try to follow them with her ranged Normal attacks.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Xinyan Build
Of course, when speaking about Transformative Reactions, boosting Elemental Mastery is the perfect solution to maximize these reactions. For that, Sucrose is perfect as the Anemo support for this team comp. She can lower enemies’ Pyro and Electro resistance as well as increase her team’s Elemental Mastery, which will result in increasing the DMG of every Overloaded reaction.
Team Roles
Beidou:
Shielder, Overloaded trigger
Yoimiya:
Main DPS, Pyro enabler
Fischl:
Sub-DPS, Overloaded trigger
Sucrose:
Support, buffer, debuffer (4pc Viridescent Venerer)
1
Beidou + Eula + Raiden Shogun + Diona
Eula can operate as a main
DPS or a Burst nuke in
Genshin Impact
. She possesses a raw power that doesn’t multiply by reactions. However, as a Cryo-Physical unit, Eula can greatly benefit from having an Electro user in her team comp, like Raiden and Beidou. Both enhance her kit to ensure she will deal the maximum DMG with her Burst and Normal attacks.
Raiden Shogun is one of the
best batteries in
Genshin Impact
, while Beidou can deal a decent amount of off-field Electro DMG. Lastly, Diona will shield, heal, and activate the Cryo resonance, which will increase Eula’s Crit Rate by 15% on enemies affected by Cryo.
Team Roles
Beidou:
Sub-DPS, Superconduct trigger, shielder
Eula:
main DPS, nuker, Superconduct trigger
Raiden Shogun:
Sub-DPS, Electro enabler, Superconduct trigger, buffer
Diona:
Support, shielder, healer, Cryo enabler
Genshin Impact
is now available on Mobile, PC, PS4, and PS5. A Switch version is in development.
MORE:
Genshin Impact: The Best Weapons For Venti
Strategy Guides
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which recently released Nintendo cozy game do you prefer?
Pokemon Pokopia
Pokemon Pokopia
54.7%
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
45.3%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Pokemon Issues Statement on Controversial Pokemon GO Tournament
Overwatch Leaker Supposedly Reveals All of 2026's Heroes
Pragmata: Best Early Upgrades to Unlock First