Genshin Impact 4.4
Banner Phase 2 is drawing near, which means Yae Miko and Xiao are returning. For those eagerly awaiting the YaeMiko and Xiao Banners in Genshin Impact, we’ve got all the information you’ll need as we’ve got a countdown ticking down the days, hours, minutes, and seconds until you can wish for them!
If you’re wondering when the next big gaming release, event, or reset will happen, then head to our
Game Countdowns
page to stay in the loop!
Genshin Impact Yae Miko & Xiao Banner 4.4 Release Time Countdown and Date
Players can wish for Yae Miko and Xiao in
Genshin Impact
4.4 Phase 2 when the banners are released on February 20th, 2024. Use our Genshin Impact Yae Miko and Xiao Banner countdown timer below, and when it hits zero, you’ll be able to wish for both!
Yae Miko & Xiao Banner Countdown for America
Yae Miko & Xiao Banners are now available in America!
Yae Miko & Xiao Banner Countdown for Europe
Yae Miko & Xiao Banners are now available in Europe!
Yae Miko & Xiao Banner Countdown for Asia
Yae Miko & Xiao Banners are now available in Asia!
Which Four Stars are on the Yae Miko and Xiao 4.4 Banner in Genshin Impact?
The four-stars you can also pull on the Yae Miko and Xiao banners are the following:
Yaoyao
Xinyan
Ningguang
Yaoyao
While Yaoyao may not be considered the best healer in Genshin Impact, she is certainly a reliable one, particularly during her Burst. Her healing ability scales with HP, which is advantageous as she receives a significant HP% increase from her ascension bonus. Yaoyao excels as a support character, and investing in her yields substantial rewards. Additionally, her dual role as a Dendro applicator and healer makes her an exceptionally valuable asset to any team.
Xinyan
Xinyan is often considered a strong Physical DPS, but she can also excel as a support for other Physical units. While her protective Skill may not be as powerful as some others, it still offers valuable protection for a short duration. Additionally, when the shield is active, the character will benefit from a 15% boost to Physical damage.
Ningguang
Ningguang, a four-star geo catalyst wielder in Genshin Impact, excels in mono-geo or geo flex teams. However, her versatility allows her to integrate into various team compositions as a sub-DPS seamlessly. With her ability to deal high single-target damage and impressive range, she can adeptly adapt to different rotations based on specific team requirements.
Leave a Comment
Related:
Game Countdowns
,
Genshin Impact