Genshin Impact has a robust team-building system, with over 70 characters for you to mix and match. With such a higher number of characters, you have thousands of different teams at your disposal. With such a staggering number of options, you might find it tricky to craft the best team for your favorite character. Jean is a 5-star Anemo healer, and as an Anemo unit, she is a fairly flexible character who can fit in many different teams. Here’s our guide on some of the best team comps for Jean in Genshin Impact.
Recommended Videos
Jean is a 5-star character and can be pulled on the Character Event Wish banner or Standard Wish banner as a premium character. Jean is known as a “standard 5-star character,” which means you can pull her on any banner as a replacement for a featured 5-star character. There is no way to guarantee a Jean, however, so you’ll have to pull as many 5-star characters as you can to obtain Jean if you don’t have her already. To best take advantage of Jean’s strengths in Genshin Impact, consider these team comps.
Related:
Best Hu Tao team comps
Genshin Impact: Jean best team comps
Screenshot: PC Invasion
Jean is an Anemo support healer who is excellent at keeping your teams alive. Her Elemental Burst will provide great healing for your characters and can deal a respectable amount of damage as well. The healing from her Elemental Burst scales off of her ATK, which helps Jean deal decent damage. Here are some of Jean’s best teams in Genshin Impact:
Jean + Xiao + Bennett + flex support:
Jean is a great pairing for Xiao as a defensive option. Jean’s Elemental Skill provides tons of energy for Xiao to keep his Elemental Burst uptime high. Additionally, the healing she provides will help Xiao stay alive. Bennett can boost Xiao’s offensive damage even further with the ATK boost he provides. The final slot can go to another support character, such as Faruzan, to help increase Xiao’s damage even more. At Constellation 4, Jean additionally provides a 40% Anemo RES reduction.
Jean + Bennett + Xingqiu + Beidou:
Jean + Bennett is a popular pairing, known as a “Sunfire” comp. When you use Bennett’s Elemental Burst, and then Jean’s Elemental Burst, you will get frequent “Swirl” reactions which will deal heavy AoE damage on enemies. When you use a 4-piece Viridescent Venerer set on Jean, this damage is amplified even further.
Adding a
Kazuha
to a Sunfire comp will increase the swirls even further! Try adding more Anemo units that can swirl frequently, such as
Venti or Sucrose.
You can download
Genshin Impact
on its
official website here
.
Genshin Impact
Hoyoverse