Genshin Impact Tartaglia Build: Best Artifacts, Weapons And Team Composition
Share
Facebook
X
Reddit
WhatsApp
Copy URL
Are You Interested in Indie Mobile Games?
Yes
No
Home
Genshin Impact Tartaglia Build: Best Artifacts, Weapons And Team Composition
Zach Maikranz
This Yaoyao guide will show you how to build one of Genshin Impact's most misunderstood characters. We will detail the best weapons, artifacts and more.
This is the best build for Tartaglia in Genshin Impact! | ©HoYoVerse
Childe, aka Tartaglia, is a Hydro 5 Star Bow user in
Genshin Impact
long marred in controversy since he was released.
No, he hasn't done something he should be canceled for, but he is an inherently complex character to pin down playstyle-wise and where he needs to be in a certain team.
Childe requires a lot of skill and knowledge, which requires a high execution level, and he has so many alternating ways that he can be played and used to approach content.
Sometimes, he's ideal in a short burst; other times, he's the best in longer bursts. Due to how he can be hard to play, his damage output may be lower than expected.
This guide will investigate optimizing Childe from his team setup, artifacts, and weapons. We will also touch on ways to maximize his rotation as we go.
Update: We have made minor updates to the build guide on January 15, 2024.
Genshin Impact Tartaglia Build
An overview of Tartaglia! | ©HoYoVerse
Tartaglia can cover many different roles within a team. Yes, he can be a DPS, Enable, Burster, and Support.
He generates energy by activating something in his kit called Riptides.
Riptides are a Hydro Application that latches onto enemies and will activate over time, every 1.5 seconds.
This means that Childe's Hydro Application is the highest of Hydro characters in the game.
This means Tartaglia is great for other characters utilizing the Hydro application.
If you want to upgrade your gaming experience in Genshin Impact and other games, we recommend using a
Razer Kishi mobile game controller
.
Best Weapons For Tartaglia DPS Build-In Genshin Impact
The best weapons for our boy! | ©HoYoVerse
We will focus on Tartaglia as the team's main DPS to highlight those weapons.
Unfortunately, Tartaglia is a character who will need a 5-star bow to be genuinely the best.
Polar Star:
Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst DMG increased by 12 – 24%. After a Normal Attack, Charged Attack, Elemental Skill, or Elemental Burst hits an opponent, one stack will be gained for 12s. When 1/2/3/4 stacks of Ashen Nightstar are present, ATK is increased by 10/20/30/48 – 20/40/60/96%. Each stack will be counted independently of the others.
Aqua Simulacra:
HP increased by 16 – 32%. When opponents are nearby, the DMG dealt by the wielder of this weapon is increased by 20 – 40%. This will take effect whether the character is on-field or not.
Skyward Harp:
Increases CRIT DMG by 20~40%. Hits have a 60 – 100% chance to inflict a minor AoE attack, dealing 125% Physical ATK DMG. It can only occur once every 4 – 2s.
Amos' Bow:
Increases Normal Attack and Charged Attack DMG by 12 – 24%. After a Normal or Charged Attack is fired, DMG dealt increases by 8 – 16%. Every 0.1 seconds, the arrow is in the air up to 5 times.
Best Artifacts For Tartaglia DPS Build In Genshin Impact
Best Artifacts for Tartaglia. | ©HoYoVerse
For Tartaglia, we want to focus on Attack Percent from Sands, Hydro Damage from Goblet, and Crit Rate or Damage from the Circlet.
Substats for him will ideally be Crit Rate and Damage > Attack % > Energy Mastery > Energy Recharge.
Tartaglia will shine when he has the four-piece
Heart of Depth
artifact set; this makes sense because the set was made for him!
And for the other two pieces, we can look into Gladiator's Finale, ideally with Attack % or Hydro Damage Bonus.
Tartaglia Best Team Composition
The best team for Tartaglia! | ©HoYoVerse
One of the best teams for Tartaglia will be the Vaporized Focused team of
Childe, Xiangling, Sucrose,
and
Bennett
.
The three characters
Xiangling, Sucrose,
and
Bennett
should be no surprise to players of Genshin Impact.
These three are the F2P champs who, ironically, carry most high-end teams.
For more of our Genshin Impact guides, check out:
How To Get Lynette For Free In Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Lyney Special Dish, Its Recipe, And How To Make It
Add as a preferred source on Google
Welcome to Gamerdle
Zach Maikranz
Share
Facebook
X
Reddit
WhatsApp
Copy URL
Leave this field blank
Post comment