Walkthroughs
Genshin Impact Tartaglia Guide - best build, strengths and weaknesses
All you need to know about Tartaglia
By
Bryan Taylor
|
Sep 16, 2021
iOS
+
Android
|
Genshin Impact
Prefer Pocket Gamer on Google
X
Facebook
Reddit
Welcome to Pocket Gamer's detailed
Genshin Impact Tartaglia guide
! Tartaglia, also known as Childe, is the eleventh of the Eleven Harbingers of Fatui. Tartaglia is a bit of a bad boy and is always looking for a challenge, as he loves to fight, which made him the perfect candidate to become one of the Harbingers. Despite his penchant for using a bow, he is actually weak with the weapon, which makes winning fights with it that much more exhilarating.
In the Tartaglia guide below you will find the following features:
General Info & how to get Tartaglia
Strengths & Weaknesses
Best Build (Artifacts & Weapons
)
Best Party Members for Tartaglia
Talents / Skills / Passive
Talent Leveling Materials
Constellations
Ascensions costs
Tartaglia Wishes / Availability
Character Appearance
Tartaglia Element / Tier / Rarity / Weapon
Hydro / S Tier / 5* Rarity / Bow
In Genshin Impact, Tartaglia is a powerful bow user who can use his debuff, Riptide, to amplify the damage of his Charged Shots, CRITs, and Burst. He’s relatively versatile, but with the amount of damage he can output, he works best with a DPS build.
How to get Tartaglia
You can only obtain Tartaglia in his own featured banner, Farewell of Snezhnaya, which is currently inactive. He is not available in the standard wish banner, Wanderlust Invocation.
Genshin Impact Tartaglia Combat Info (Strengths and Weaknesses)
Strengths
Every melee attack adds Hydro to it
He is able to change between melee and ranged
Tartaglia’s Burst changes per his combat mode
Weaknesses
Longer cooldowns than most
Need to spend time on getting his Constellation up to maximize potential
Here are
some
Genshin Impact codes
as a thank you for reading this!
Best Build for Tartaglia in Genshin Impact
Tartaglia is a really strong DPS, who spreads Hydro far and wide, but he can only reach his full potential if your party and equipped gear are built around his abilities. Use the Skyward Harp to add to his CRIT damage and give the potential for even higher output. Pair this with the Heart of Depth to increase his Hydro damage, turning him into a tsunami of strength.
Tartaglia - Best Artifacts and Weapons
Heart of Depth
ATK% / Hydro DMG / CRIT Rate
Set Bonuses:
(2) Hydro DMG Bonus +15%
(4) After using Elemental Skill, increases Normal Attack and Charged Attack DMG by 30% for 15s.After using Elemental Skill, increases Normal Attack and Charged Attack DMG by 30% for 15s.
How to Obtain:
Peak of Vindagnyr Domain reward.
Skyward Harp
Base Attack:
48
Rating:
5*
Bonus Effect:
CRIT Rate 4.8%
Skill: Echoing Ballad
Increases CRIT DMG by 20%. Hits have a 60% chance to inflict a small AoE attack, dealing 125% Physical ATK DMG. Can only occur once every 4s.
How to Obtain:
Gacha
Best Party Members to match Tartaglia with in Genshin Impact
Premium (Gacha) Team
In Genshin Impact, Tartaglia is a great character to bring out the best of the party, and the best way to do that is to focus on characters with Electro to let him combo Electro Charge.
Fischl
is a great start, as she can help synergize with another Electro character and can refill their energy constantly.
Bennett
is great as a healer as he provides a buff and heals while dealing damage.
Beidou
is a great choice to constantly fire her Burst and act as a backup plan when Tartaglia is off the field.
F2P Team
Tartaglia is a great pull to have, as he can be your main DPS and also combines well with Pyro. Use
Amber
to pull enemies in and then switch back to Tartaglia for Vaporize and to do additional damage.
Barbara
is a great healer and can also boost Hydro damage if you level up her Constellation, something that is quite easy to do if you watch Paimon’s Shop often.
Finally, Xiangling is a great addition to this team, with both her Pyro res and her ability to spread her element around, making it easier to create reactions.
Talents / Skills / Passive
Cutting Torrent - Normal Attack
Normal:
Perform up to 6 consecutive shots with a bow.
Charge Attack:
Perform a more precise Aimed Shot with increased DMG. While aiming, the power of Hydro will accumulate on the arrowhead. A arrow fully charged with the torrent will deal Hydro DMG and apply the Riptide status.
Riptide
Opponents affected by Riptide will suffer from AoE Hydro DMG effects when attacked by Tartaglia in various ways. DMG dealt in this way is considered Normal Attack DMG.
Riptide Flash: A fully-charged Aimed Shot that hits an opponent affected by Riptide deals consecutive bouts of AoE DMG. Can occur once every 0.7s.
Riptide Burst: Defeating an opponent affected by Riptide creates a Hydro burst that inflicts the Riptide status on nearby opponents hit.
Plunge Attack:
Fires off a shower of arrows in mid-air before falling and striking the ground, dealing AoE DMG upon impact. When Tartaglia is in Foul Legacy: Raging Tide's Melee Stance, he cannot perform a plunging attack.
Skill Attributes:
1-Hit DMG
41.3%
2-Hit DMG
46.3%
3-Hit DMG
55.4%
4-Hit DMG
57%
5-Hit DMG
60.9%
6-Hit DMG
72.8%
Aimed Shot
- 43.9%
Fully-Charged Aimed Shot
- 124%
Riptide Flash DMG
- 12.4% x 3
Riptide Burst DMG
- 62%
Riptide Duration
- 10s
Plunge DMG
- 63.9%
Low/High Plunge DMG
- 128% / 160%
Foul Legacy: Raging Tide - Elemental Skill
Unleashes a set of weaponry made of pure water, dealing Hydro DMG to surrounding opponents and entering a Melee Stance. In this Stance, Tartaglia's Normal and Charged Attacks change as follows:
Normal:
Performs up to 6 consecutive Hydro strikes.
Charge Attack:
Consumes a certain amount of Stamina to unleash a cross slash, dealing Hydro DMG.
Riptide Slash
Hitting an opponent affected by Riptide with a melee attack unleashes a Riptide Slash that deals AoE Hydro DMG. DMG dealt in this way is considered Elemental Skill DMG, and can only occur once every 1.5s.
After 30s, or when the ability is unleashed again, this skill will end. Tartaglia will return to his Ranged Stance and this ability will enter CD. The longer Tartaglia stays in his Melee Stance, the longer the CD. If the return to a ranged stance occurs automatically after 30s, the CD is even longer.
Stance Change DMG
- 72%
1-Hit DMG
38.9%
2-Hit DMG
41.6%
3-Hit DMG
56.3%
4-Hit DMG
59.9%
5-Hit DMG
55.3%
6-Hit DMG
35.4% + 37.7%
Charged Attack DMG
- 60.2% + 72%
Charged Attack Stamina Cost
- 20
Riptide Slash
- 60%
Max Duration
- 30s
Max CD
- 45s
Havoc: Obliteration - Elemental Burst
Performs different attacks based on what stance Tartaglia is in when casting.
Ranged Stance: Flash of Havoc
Swiftly fires a Hydro-imbued magic arrow, dealing AoE Hydro DMG, and applies the Riptide status. Returns a portion of its Energy Cost after use.
Melee Stance: Light Obliteration
Performs a slash with a large AoE, dealing massive Hydro DMG to all surrounding opponents, which triggers Riptide Blast.
Riptide Blast
When the obliterating waters hit an opponent affected by Riptide, it clears their Riptide status and triggers a Hydro Explosion that deals AoE Hydro DMG. DMG dealt in this way is considered Elemental Burst DMG.
Skill Attributes
Skill DMG: Melee
- 464%
Skill DMG: Ranged
- 378%
Riptide Blast DMG
- 120%
Energy Return (Ranged)
- 20
CD
- 15s
Energy Cost
- 60
Never Ending - 1st Ascension Passive
Extends Riptide duration by 8s.
Sword of Torrents - 4th Ascension Passive
When Tartaglia is in Foul Legacy: Raging Tide's Melee Stance, or if his Normal and Charged Attacks do CRIT DMG, they will apply the Riptide status effect on the hit enemy.
Master of Weaponry - Unlocked Automatically
Increases your own party member's Normal Attack Level by 1.
Talent Leveling Materials
Gained from Enemy Drops (Fatui):
Recruit's Insignia
Sergeant's Insignia
Lieutenant's Insignia
Acquired from Domains (Monday/Thursday/Sunday):
Teachings of Freedom
Guide to Freedom
Philosophies of Freedom
Obtained after defeating Bosses (Childe Challenge):
Shard of Foul Legacy
Constellations
Foul Legacy: Tide Withholder
Decreases the CD of Foul Legacy: Raging Tide by 20%
Foul Legacy: Understream
When opponents affected by Riptide are defeated, Tartaglia regenerates 4 Elemental Energy.
Abyssal Mayhem: Vortex of Turmoil
Increases the Level of Foul Legacy: Raging Tide by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Abyssal Mayhem: Hydrospout
If Tartaglia is in Foul Legacy: Raging Tide's Melee Stance, triggers Riptide Slash against opponents on the field affected by Riptide every 4s, otherwise, triggers Riptide Flash.
Riptide Slashes and Riptide Flashes triggered by this Constellation effect are not subject to the time intervals that would typically apply to these two Riptide effects, nor do they have any effect on those time intervals.
Havoc: Formless Blade
Increases the Level of Havoc: Obliteration by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Havoc: Annihilation
When Havoc: Obliteration is cast in Melee Stance, the CD of Foul Legacy: Raging Tide is reset. This effect will only take place once Tartaglia returns to his Ranged Stance.
Genshin Impact Tartaglia Ascensions costs
Phase 1
Lv.20→Lv.40
Mora Cost: 20,000
Starconch ×3
Varunada Lazurite Sliver ×1
Recruit's Insignia ×3
Phase 2
Lv.40→Lv.50
Starconch ×10
Varunada Lazurite Fragment ×3
Recruit's Insignia ×15
Cleansing Heart ×2
Phase 3
Lv.50→Lv.60
Mora Cost: 60,000
Starconch ×20
Varunada Lazurite Fragment ×6
Sergeant's Insignia ×12
Cleansing Heart ×4
Phase 4
Lv.60→Lv.70
Mora Cost: 80,000
Starconch ×20
Varunada Lazurite Chunk ×3
Sergeant's Insignia ×18
Cleansing Heart ×8
Phase 5
Lv.70→Lv.80
Mora Cost: 100,000
Starconch ×45
Varunada Lazurite Chunk ×6
Lieutenant's Insignia ×12
Cleansing Heart ×12
Phase 6 (MAX)
Lv.80→Lv.90
Mora Cost: 120,000
Starconch ×60
Varunada Lazurite Gemstone ×6
Lieutenant's Insignia ×24
Cleansing Heart ×20
Base Stats
At Level 1, Tartaglia starts with 1,020 HP, 23 ATK, and 63 DEF.
Wishes / Availability
Tartaglia was featured in the Farewell of Snezhnaya event banner. This banner was run from April 6th, 2021 to April 27th, 2021.
You know, we also have a
Genshin Impact character tier list
if you want to check how well Tartaglia performs in comparison to other characters! Also, stay tuned, soon enough we plan to make a Genshin Impact characters hub with all of the available characters and their detailed guides!
Bryan Taylor
Bryan has a passion for writing and has been gaming since the 80s. His favourite games include Super Metroid, Chrono Trigger, and Rez, and he joins us bringing his vast knowledge of games to the team.
Next Up :
Dicero beginner's guide - 5 tips for mastering the dice