Charlotte is Genshin Impact’s next Cryo healer, joining the 4-star roster in Genshin Impact. To increase her ability to heal and support, you’ll want to equip her with the best gear and teammates. Here’s our guide for the best build and team comps for Charlotte in Genshin Impact.
Recommended Videos
Genshin Impact: Best build for Charlotte
Charlotte is a Cryo healer in Genshin Impact, joining the likes of Diona and Qiqi as characters who take advantage of the cold to keep their teammates alive. Charlotte is a journalist (I love her already) who utilizes her camera in the middle of a fight. She actually whips out her camera to take snapshots of enemies and deal damage, giving her a really unique and fun play style. At the end of the day, Charlotte is an offensive healer who deals damage, and
she’ll
need some strong weapons to suit her gameplay.
It should be noted that
Charlotte’s healing scales off of her ATK stat
, not her HP stat. Most healers increase their healing by increasing their max HP, but we can actually build Charlotte a bit more offensively because of this unique quirk she has with her healing. This gives her some more offensive pressure and gives her a potential niche over characters like Diona and Qiqi, who primarily are only used for their defensive utility.
Best weapons for Charlotte in Genshin Impact
Remember, as Charlotte’s healing scales off of her ATK, we don’t need to equip her with HP-scaling weapons. Instead, we can give Charlotte more offensive weapon choices, or simply stash her with some standard support options.
Skyward Atlas:
The Skyward Atlas is a 5-star Catalyst and a “Standard-type” weapon that you can pull on the Weapon Event Wish and Standard Wish banners. This weapon will provide a huge ATK buff, which will simultaneously boost Charlotte’s healing and damage. This weapon’s passive is fairly useful as well, increasing her Elemental DMG bonus by 12%. (If you choose this weapon, be sure to augment her artifacts with lots of Energy Recharge!)
Oathsworn Eye:
This weapon is a free-to-play event weapon that boosts Charlotte’s ATK up to 565, with an additional 27.6% ATK boost. This is a solid free option that also buffs the wearer’s Energy Recharge by 48% after using their Elemental Skill, allowing Charlotte to use her Elemental Burst more.
Favonius Codex:
Charlotte needs a lot of Energy Recharge to reliably use her Elemental Burst, so the Favonius Codex is a solid option. This support weapon is always a good choice to use for healers and buffers alike, as it can also generate additional energy particles for the rest of your team.
Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers:
This weapon doesn’t do much to help with Charlotte’s damage and Energy Recharge needs, but it does provide a huge ATK buff when equipping another character. You’ll need to have good Energy Recharge and healing to utilize this option, but this can turn Charlotte into a strong support character.
Best artifacts for Charlotte in Genshin Impact
For her artifacts, you can choose to amplify Charlotte’s healing here or pick a more general support option. Let’s take a look at some of her preferred artifact options in Genshin Impact:
Ocean-Hued Clam:
This is generally the best option for healers who want to focus on amplifying their healing, rather than going for a more general support build. The Ocean-Hued Clam provides some additional damage based on how much the wearer heals. This will allow Charlotte to heal more and deal some extra damage, so this is a solid option where you need to ensure Charlotte can get an extra edge in her healing capabilities.
Noblesse Oblige:
Otherwise, the Noblesse Oblige is a good general support set. This boosts her Elemental Burst DMG, which is somewhat negligible, but also allows her to buff the ATK of her teammates after using said Elemental Burst.
For her main stats, we recommend a spread of
ATK / ATK / ATK
, or
ATK / ATK / Healing Bonus
if you need some extra healing. If you opt to use the Favonius Codex, you can also go for
ATK / ATK / Crit Rate
, as you need some Crit Rate to proc the Favonius Codex’s passive. You can also look for
Energy Recharge / ATK / etc.
if Charlotte is unable to reliably use her Elemental Burst.
For her substats, aim for the following:
ATK, Energy Recharge, and Crit Rate.
Genshin Impact: Best team comps for Charlotte
Charlotte is a solid Cryo healer which allows her to work in numerous different comps. She doesn’t have anything particularly complex in her kit, but you should know the different reactions Cryo can create while creating her teams. Here are some examples of the best team comps for Charlotte in Genshin Impact:
Freeze Team: Charlotte / Kamisato Ayaka / Mona / Kaedehara Kazuha
Screenshot: PC Invasion
The Freeze composition is a classic mainstay in Genshin Impact. While it has gotten a bit weaker, no thanks to the many bosses who are all but immune to Freeze, it’s still a solid composition that follows this basic pattern: a Cryo DPS character, a Hydro applicator, an Anemo support unit for increased damage, and a flex spot for more Cryo application or defensive utility. In this example comp, Ayaka is our DPS character, Mona provides the Hydro application necessary to Freeze, Kazuha buffs our team’s damage, and Charlotte provides extra healing.
Note:
The Freeze comp is flexible, so consider using lots of other different characters. Wriothesley and Ganyu are very strong Cryo DPS units, and you can mix and match with other characters like Xingqiu, Yelan, Sucrose, and Venti
Furina Fridge Team: Furina / Charlotte / Nahida / Fischl
Screenshot: PC Invasion
A “Fridge” team in Genshin Impact revolves around Freezing enemies, allowing you to safely create Bloom cores with Nahida and Furina. Furina will deal tons of damage, especially with Charlotte, as your team needs to stay above 50% HP for Furina to deal the most damage. Fischl is here to create the Hyperbloom reaction, which is a strong source of single-target damage.
Melt team: Charlotte / Sucrose / Xiangling / Bennett
Charlotte’s high Cryo application with her Elemental Skill, alongside her average damage, allows her to function in a makeshift Melt comp with Xiangling and Bennett. As a team comprised of 4-star characters, this is also an accessible team to those without any shiny 5-star units.
That was our guide on the best build and team comps for Furina in Genshin Impact. Genshin Impact is now available on PC, mobile, and console platforms. Download the game from its
official website.
Other Genshin Impact articles
Genshin Impact