Best Teams & Characters To Pair With Mika In Genshin Impact
Yooki
-
Mar 19, 2023
|
Mobile Games
The new character Mika is a useful Cryo supporter. But you should put him on the right team to optimize his power. Check out the best team for him here.
Best Teams To Defeat Setekh Wenut In Genshin Impact Spiral Abyss 3.5
Top 5 Best Genshin Impact Theories 2023 That Might Surprise You
Genshin Impact Dehya Build Guide: Talents, Gears And Team Comps
The new character Mika in Genshin Impact is a useful Cryo supporter. But you should put him on the right team to optimize his power. Check out the best teammates and parties for Mika here.
Table of Contents
I. Characters To Pair With Mika
II. Best Teams For Mika
Learn how to use Mika properly with the best teammates.
I. Characters To Pair With Mika
Mika is an excellent Cryo supporter for Physical DPS. Moreover, you should pair him with Geo and Electro supporters to trigger the shield and Superconduct reactions. Here are the best characters to team up with Mika.
Cryo DPS: Eula and Kaeya
Cryo supporters: Layla and Diona
Electro supporter: Razor
Geo supporter/shielder: Yunjin and Zhongli.
Mika can also play the role of a healer or sub-DPS character. He is more suitable for physical teams than elemental teams. Therefore, you should pair this new Cryo character with Claymore and Polearm users, such as Kaeya, Razor, and Zhongli.
Mika is most suitable for Physical DMG teams.
II. Best Teams For Mika
Mika will be very powerful and helpful when you use him in the right team. Check out the most suitable teams for Mika here.
#1. Eula's Physical team
Mika is most suitable for the physical team of Eula. Before his release, Eula is out of the meta because she lacks a useful supporter. Mika can play as a pure healer in this team. Then, Eula can focus on her pure physical DMG.
The claymore wielder Razor is the physical sub-DPS character. Besides, he makes enemies with the Electro aura. Then, Mika, Eula, and Kaeya can trigger the Superconduct reaction. Kaeya can apply Cryo when he is off-field with his Cryo spinning shield.
Mika and Eula can trigger the Super-conduct reaction with an Electro character.
#2. Superconduct team
Mika and Kaeya can team up with Razor to deal higher damage to enemies with continual Superconduct reactions. The new Cryo character also plays the healer role in this team. Razor is the main DPS character.
Besides, you can use Kaeya, Diona, Layla, or Rosaria to provide an off-field Cryo application. Zhongli is the sub-DPS and shielder in this team. You can use Yunjin if you do not have the Geo archon.
Mika should team up with Razor.
#3. Zhongli's Geo team
Mika is also the healer in Zhongli's Geo team. You need another Geo character like Yunjin to trigger the elemental resonance and deal higher damage. Alternatively, you can use Mika as the main DPS in this team, but you need to equip the
best gear for Mika
.
Fischl is the most flexible supporter. You can use Fischl or Razor to trigger Superconduct reactions with Mika.
Mika can play as a DPS character in Zhongli's team.
#4. Multi-reaction team
When Mika and Kaeya team up with Xiangling and Lisa, they can trigger many reactions, such as Super-conduct, Melt, and Overload. Kaeya is the main DPS of this team. He gets buffs from Mika, Xiangling, and Lisa to increase his output damage.
You can build Mika's team based on your character list.
>>> Also Read:
Top 7 Memorable Changes In Genshin Impact Since Release
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025