Team lineups for different Mika in
Genshin Impact
can vary greatly. Because
Mika
can usually play two different supporting roles on the team. One is a
buffer
that increases team damage output, and the other is a new
Cryo healer
. Sometimes Mika can even
act as a hybrid of the two, using skills from both at the same time
.
Mika represents a
typical character
in the second phase of
Genshin Impact 3.5
. Mika is often complementary to the mix of different
DPS roles
on a team. Because Mika itself has a variety of auxiliary abilities, it is not difficult for players using
Mika to find a suitable team in Genshin Impact
, and you will have a variety of options.
Team Selection When Mika Is Used As A Damage Buffer
When Mika is only used as a
damage buffer
, Mika’s team is mainly composed of
Cryo DPS characters
, and they will focus on the ability to
use of Melt and Superconduct Elemental Reactions in Genshin Impact
.
Players can try some
Cryo-type characters
, including but not limited to
Ayaka Kamisato, Ganyu, Eula
, etc. Mika’s damage and
Elemental Skill
will increase
ATK Speed boosts
of these characters. At the same time, they will also
trigger Cryo Resonance
, which will increase the player’s damage output value against enemies hit by Frozen.
For some
secondary DPS characters
, GameWith suggested that Mika’s team can try to choose
Raiden Shogun
, because this will cause them to
trigger Superconduct reactions outside the field
, causing substantial damage to the enemy.
At the same time, players can also choose
Yelan or Xingqiu
as their alternatives. We can use both characters as
Hydro enablers to help DPS and Mika freeze the enemy smoothly
.
Because of the lack of Mika’s
medical skills
, we recommend that the skills of auxiliary characters in Mika’s DPS team in Genshin Impact should be based on
shields
as much as possible. While there are many shield roles to play as
Cryo Resonance
,
Zhongli
might be a better choice for you.
The composition of Mika’s DPS team should be chosen
based on the reaction that can trigger Cryo
, including but not limited to
Yoimiya, Hu Tao, Cyno
, etc. However, you should always pay attention to adjusting the data changes of other members of the team to get the
desired Cryo Resonance and Cryo Elemental Reactions
.
Mika’s Team Choice As A Healer
The choice of a Healer can also consider some
four-star characters
as an option for buffer build, but this will also have a great impact on the overall damage value of Mika’s team.
When
Mika is the Healer in Genshin Impact
, it usually uses
Energy Recharge or acts as an auxiliary battery as its fundamental skill
. You can use DPS characters such as
Ayaka, Eula, and Ganyu
, which can get bonuses from
Mika’s Elemental Skill
, and Cryo reactions are not a problem. Of course, you can also use other characters, such as
Pyro or Electro DPS
are also good.
Many players prefer to
use Mika as a healer
. The main reason is that it allows other players in the team to focus on pursuiting damage output and improve the overall efficiency.
Therefore,
choosing a shield character is very necessary in Genshin Impact’s Mika team
. The shield character can take damage and then restore it with Mika. Then Mika team will have a good protective barrier, improving the team’s defense.
For the selection of a Healer on Mika’s DPS team, you can prioritize
Raiden Shogun, Yelan, Xingqiu, Xiangling, Venti, and Kazuha
. These characters fit well with Mika’s skills and can
help the team deal with secondary damage to the enemy
. Of course, the choice here depends entirely on the player’s own preference and understanding of these characters.
Best F2P Team Selection
Although
Mika’s F2P team
role is not that powerful, it is still very important for ordinary players. As GameWith suggested,
Mondstadt’s Kaeya is often the best partner for Mika on F2P teams
. Kaeya can get a huge
Attack damage and Attack Speed buffs boost
from Mika, and together, they can also cause
Cryo Resonance
.
You can also try to choose some DPS to match output with Kaeya in Mika’s F2P team to complement each other. Players have several good options.
Xiangling
, for example, is often used as a secondary DPS because it can deal a lot of damage to enemies in a short period, and its
Pyro application is also very reliable
.
If the player selects it, the player can still
trigger Melt while Kaeya and Mika are using Cryo app together
. Xiangling can also increase Attack damage through the bonus of
Guoba’s chili skill
, further helping Mika’s F2P team to increase the overall damage output.
In F2P teams, additional
Energy Recharge
is often required to ensure that Mika can act as both a healer and a buffer stably.
GameWith also stated that players can try to use Lisa in this situation. Its fundamental skill is to reduce the
opponent’s Defense
in the process of Elemental Burst. Also, it can use
Electro
. This will ensure that Mika’s Overload Elemental Reactions will work properly.
At the same time, players can also use
Yun Jin
, which can further enhance the team’s attack power, and
can also act as a shield
, improving the freedom and flexibility of Mika’s team.
If you want to try Mika or other new characters, you can try it out by getting the new
Genshin Impact Accounts
in
IGGM.com
. Try it.