BEST Kokomi Team Suggested By MiHoYo In Genshin Impact 3.0
Yooki
-
Sep 09, 2022
|
Mobile Games
In Genshin Impact 3.0 Fayz Trials event, Hoyoverse suggests players a strong and effective Kokomi team. You can learn from this team build.
[Updated] Genshin Impact Crown Of Insight: Where To Get & How To Use?
Genshin Impact: Best 5-star C0 Characters To Reach Full Potentials
Genshin Impact BEST Locations To Farm Nilou's Ascension Materials
In Genshin Impact 3.0 Fayz Trials event, Hoyoverse suggests players a strong and effective Kokomi team. You can also build a similar team with this Hydro character to take the Spiral Abyss challenge.
Table of Contents
Suggested Kokomi Team
Team Rotation
Other Kokomi Teams
Find the best team for Kokomi.
Suggested Kokomi Team
Hoyoverse suggests players a strong team with two 5-star Hydro characters and two 4-star characters. Check out the recommended team of Kokomi in Fayz Trials Day 2 here.
Kokomi in the first position;
Fischl is the second squad member;
Yelan takes the role of an off-field DPS;
Sucrose is the Anemo supporter.
Though three of them are 5-star characters, they are not very rare. Kokomi's banner is available to pull currently. A lot of players have got Yelan in previous updates. Besides, you can get Fischl and Sucrose easily from any banner. When you build your Spiral Abyss team, you can replace Sucrose with Kazuha for a better effect.
Kokomi's team in Fayz Trials Day 2.
Team Rotation
After obtaining and upgrading them to at least level 80, you can bring them to
Spiral Abyss 3.0
to take the challenge. Here's the right rotation to use this team correctly and deal the greatest damage to enemies.
Kokomi uses her Element Skill first;
Switch to use Yelan's burst and skill;
Then, use the Elemental skill of Fischl;
Switch to Kazuha and use his burst and skill;
Let Kokomi release her burst, attack, and then use her elemental skill.
This rotation causes double Hydro resonance for this team. You should build Kazuha's Elemental Mastery to buff the whole team in terms of increasing Electro and Hydro elemental DMG and decreasing the enemy's elemental resistance.
Yelan and Kokomi get double Hydro Resonance when they team up.
Other Kokomi Teams
If you don't get suggested characters for the best Kokomi team recommended by MiHoYo, you can build some other teams based on your character availability. Here are some other characters that you can build for this Hydro DPS after getting her from the current banner.
Electro-Charged
Yae Miko is one of the best characters to team up with Kokomi. You still use Fischl to support Yae Miko with Electro resonance. If you don't have Kazuha, you can use Sucrose to reduce the elemental resonance of the opponents and control the crowd.
Frozen Team
Kamisato Ayaka and Shenhe are the best Cryo teammates to team up with Kokomi and freeze the whole enemy team. You can spread this effect on the field with the support of Kazuha. Besides, Kazuha can play as a Physical sub-DPS in this team.
Kokomi - Ayaka team can freeze the whole battlefield.
F2P Team
Another Electro-Charged team with Kokomi, Beidou, Fischl, and Sucrose is more suitable for beginners and F2P players. Except for Kokomi, three other squad members are 4-star characters that most players have got.
Dendro Team With Kokomi
As Hydro and Dendro elements have a new mind-blowing reaction, you can build a Dendro team with Kokomi, a free Collei, Dendro Traveler, and Kuki Shinobu. This team has an insane healing ability, so you can go through all chambers safely without losing any member.
Kokomi team by miHoyo.
>>> Also Read:
TOP 10 Talents Worth Genshin Impact Crown Of Insight After Update 3.0
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
#Genshin Impact Guide
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025