Eula, Klee, Kokomi & Kazuha: Which Banner Is The Best To Pull In Genshin Impact 3.8?
Yooki
-
Jun 27, 2023
|
Mobile Games
There will be four rerun banners in Genshin Impact 3.8, including Eula, Klee, Kokomi & Kazuha. Let's see which banner is the best to pull.
ALL New & Rerun Events In Genshin Impact 3.8 Details & Rewards Revealed!
Genshin Impact Fontaine Release & Sneak Peek- Most Modern Nation In Teyvat
Secret Summer Paradise Event In Genshin Impact Veluriyam Mirage 3.8 Explained!
There will be four rerun banners in Genshin Impact 3.8, including Eula, Klee, Kokomi & Kazuha. It would be great to obtain all of them but hard for F2P players to save enough Primogems for all four banners. Let's see which banner is the best to roll in update 3.8.
Table of Contents
#1. Kokomi
#2. Wanderer
#3. Eula
#4. Klee
#1. Kokomi
Kokomi is the best character for the current metagame after Update 3.0. Hydro and Electro are the two main elements to react with Dendro. Therefore, this Hydro character can help you build many powerful Dendro teams.
But the Dendro core can deal DMG to both enemies and players when it blooms. Therefore, you need a healer for these teams. Moreover, Kokomi is the main character in two golden teams in the current metagame, including Ayaka's Frozen team and Nilou's Bloom team. Besides, she plays well in many other teams, such as Electro-charged and Hyperbloom.
You can build Nilou and Kokomi's Bloom team to clear many floors in the Spiral Abyss.
Here are reasons why you should roll Kokomi in update 3.8:
Flexible position
Simple kit
Easy weapons and artifacts to build
If you have had this character before this update, you can save your Primogems for other banners or skip all three other banners and wait for upcoming characters from Fontaine.
It's very easy to build a strong Kokomi for many roles.
#2. Wanderer
Wanderer is a strong DPS with high DMG. The pick-up rate of this character is about 10-26% throughout many updates which is pretty low in comparison with other characters. But his pick-up rate for Spiral Abyss 3.7 is rising up.
However, this character requires a lot of gear and materials to play well. Moreover, you have better get Faruzan C6 to support Wanderer. In addition, Wanderer is one of the best characters for open-world exploration. Therefore, this is the second-best character to roll in update 3.8.
The Wanderer can deal super high DMG to enemies with the best build.
#3. Eula
Eula has been absent from the game for a long time till
update 3.8
. Therefore, lots of players are anticipating her banner in the next update. But this character is not one of the top-picked characters in this game now since her kit is out of the metagame.
For example, she is not effective and helpful when countering nimble and flying bosses. Moreover, the buff from her exclusive supporter Mika is not enough for her to play well. Therefore, you can roll her banner if you want to collect all characters in the game. Or else, skip this banner.
Eula is coming back after a long time.
#4. Klee
Klee has been rerun many times. This Pyro character can cooperate with Dendro characters to trigger Burgeon reactions. Her Pyro skills are effective to counter Cryo Abyss Order enemies. But she is a difficult character to play.
Klee will have a beautiful outfit in the next update.
In conclusion, Kokomi is the best character to roll in the next update. Then, you should spend your Primogems on Wanderer's banner. Klee and Eula are less recommended.
>>> Also Read:
Must-Know Tips For Genshin Impact Fayz Trials Hypothesis 3.7
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact 3.8
#Genshin Impact Guide
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025