What Are The Best Teams For Kokomi In Genshin Impact?
Muhammad Kumar
-
Sep 22, 2021
|
Mobile Games
Many players consider Kokomi to be the worst 5 stars character ever released in Genshin Impact. They are wrong - here's how you can unleash her potentials.
Top 10 Most Popular Genshin Impact Theories In 2022
Must-Know Guide & Tips For Energy Recharge Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Tier List: Best And Worst Characters In 2021
Kokomi is the latest Hydro Catalyst user in Genshin Impact. She is one of the most unique characters in the game, the only one who does not have the inability to crit whatsoever. In this article, we are going to showcase the
best teams for Kokomi
in Genshin Impact.
1 - Kokomi's skills, constellations and playstyle
As
Kokomi Genshin Impact
is a new character, we will briefly go through her skill, constellation, and general strategy first.
Kokomi Skills
Her elemental skill summons a jellyfish that heals and deals Hydro damage in an AoE.
Kokomi's burst infuses her with Hydro and makes all her attacks heal allies. Refreshes the cooldown of elemental skill. This makes her one of the
best healers in Genshin Impact
.
All her abilities, both damage and heal, scale based on Kokomi's MAX HP.
It is not hard to find the best teams for Kokomi as she is a great healer.
Kokomi Constellation
Overall, her constellation revolves around her burst and her ability to deal damage with it activated. C1, c4 and c6 are the most important:
C1 -
At Water's Edge
allows Kokomi to release an attack with massive damage after completing a combo while under Burst form. It deals up to 30% of her MAX HP as Hydro damage. This is why she is not allowed to crit, as this ability would be the strongest attack in the game.
C4 -
The Moon Overlooks the Waters
allows Kokomi to restore her energy by herself while in Burst form. This deals with Kokomi's biggest weakness and allows her to trigger bursts more frequently.
C6 -
Sango Isshin
simply gives Kokomi even more Hydro damage.
Genshin Impact Kokomi unleashing her Burst
Kokomi Strengths
Kokomi can perform decently in all 3 roles: DPS, support and healer.
Her skills are easy to build items around - you only need Max HP.
Kokomi Weaknesses
Burst has a huge energy cost (70) while Kokomi can't regain that amount of energy efficiently.
Inability to crit makes her damage potential lackluster compared to other damage dealers.
The Jellyfish is immobile and can only be relocated by recasting.
Kokomi introduction video in Genshin Impact
2 - Best teams for Kokomi in Genshin Impact
Premium Team: Kokomi + Ayaka + Venti + Raiden Shogun
Kokomi's main role in this lineup is to be a sub-dmg support. She triggers reactions by spreading Hydro, allowing your main DPS to push out big damage. During her burst, however, you can switch her in for some decent damage.
Ayaka
is the main DMG dealer, freezing Wet enemies and deal massive Cryo damage.
Venti is the CC control, gather enemies, debuff them and spreading even more Hydro.
Raiden is the main battery that allows Kokomi to regain energy. Kokomi also allows her to deal Electrocharge damage.
Replacements
Ayaka can be replaced by any Cryo DPS.
Venti can be replaced by either Sucrose or
Kazuha
.
Raiden Shogun can be replaced by either Xingqiu or Fischl.
F2p Team: Kokomi + Lisa + Kaeya + Electro Traveler
Kokomi enables Electro reactions using her Elemental Skill and becomes the main DPS during her burst.
Lisa
is the main DPS outside of Kokomi burst, dealing Electro reaction damage to Wet enemies.
Kaeya can trigger Cryo to freeze enemies and can also be a battery for the team.
Electro Traveler
can provide decent off-field electro and additional energy to Kokomi.
Kokomi is not a weak character, she just requires you to build teams and items around her ability
Interested in more of our posts related to Genshin Impact? Please check this article to find out more about
Genshin Impact Aether Profile, Best Build & Common Q&A
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025