Genshin Impact – Kokomi build and materials guide
Find the best weapons and artifacts for Kokomi in Genshin Impact.
By
Marco Wutz
| May 2, 2025
HoYoverse
Prepare to survive hardship with the
best Genshin Impact Kokomi build
, unlocking the power of one of the most essential characters in the game. What a turnaround it has been for her: At Sangonomiya Kokomi’s release, the community ridiculed her for being too weak for a 5-Star — how wrong they were. Watatsumi Island’s chief priestess has not only become one of the best healers, she’s a potent DPS character as well under the right circumstances. There are few units in the game that can rival her almost universal versatility.
Table of Contents
Best Kokomi weapons – Genshin Impact
Best Kokomi artifacts – Genshin Impact
Best Kokomi teams – Genshin Impact
Kokomi ascension materials – Genshin Impact
Kokomi’s Elemental Skill, Kurage’s Oath, summons a bake-kurage (a water spirit in the form of a jellyfish) that deals Hydro DMG and heals allies in the area around it at fixed intervals. It stays on the field even if Kokomi is switched out, making it an excellent off-field Hydro applicator. The amount of HP it can restore depends on Kokomi’s Max HP.
Her Elemental Burst, Nereid’s Ascension, deals an initial burst of Hydro DMG before boosting Kokomi’s standard, charged, and bake-kurage damage based on her Max HP. Also, when her attacks hit opponents in this state, she’ll recover HP for the entire team based on her own maximum HP. Furthermore it allows Kokomi to walk on water.
Best Kokomi weapons – Genshin Impact
Kokomi can consistently apply Hydro to enemies on and off the field. / HoYoverse
Kokomi’s signature weapon, Everlasting Moonglow, is the best choice for her in most cases. It boosts her Max HP, which helps both her healing and damage, provides an additional buff to Basic Attacks based on Max HP, and increases the Healing Bonus by up to 20%. It allows Kokomi to restore some Energy with Basic Attacks after using an ability as well, plugging one of her few weaknesses.
If you want to specialize Kokomi in healing only, then Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers is a good budget option.
Best weapons for Kokomi in Genshin Impact
:
Everlasting Moonglow
(5-Star
Prototype Amber
(4-Star)
Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers
(3-Star)
Best Kokomi artifacts – Genshin Impact
Kokomi requires additional HP, Energy Recharge, and Elemental Mastery to maximize her use for the team. HP, as we’ve established, boosts both her healing and damage output, while the Energy Recharge is necessary to guarantee a high uptime for her Burst. Elemental Mastery is essential to maximize the damage of Elemental Reactions triggered by her — and there’ll be a lot of that.
Best Artifact Sets for Kokomi in Genshin Impact
:
[Support]
Tenacity of the Millelith
(4) – +20% HP, +20% ATK and +30% Shield Strength for all party members for 3s, when an Elemental Skill hits an enemy (can be triggered every 0.5s).
[Healer]
Ocean-Hued Clam
(4) – +15% Healing Bonus, creates Sea-Dyed Foam when healing a party member; Sea-Dyed Foam lasts 3s and accumulates the amount of HP recovered in that time, including overhealing, before exploding to deal damage based on the amount of recorded healing.
Best stats for Kokomi in Genshin Impact
:
Flower:
HP
(main stat), HP %, Energy Recharge, Elemental Mastery, Attack %
Plume:
ATK
(main stat), HP %, Energy Recharge, Elemental Mastery, HP
Sands:
HP %
(main stat), Energy Recharge, Elemental Mastery, HP, Attack %
Goblet:
Hydro DMG
(main stat), HP %, Energy Recharge, Elemental Mastery, HP
Circlet:
Healing Bonus
or
HP %
(main stat), Energy Recharge, Elemental Mastery, HP, HP % or Attack %
Best Kokomi teams – Genshin Impact
Kokomi is one of the most versatile characters in the game. / HoYoverse
Kokomi is by far one of the most versatile characters in Genshin Impact thanks to her immense utility as an off-field Hydro applicator, healer, and on-field damage dealer – she offers a fantastic package. Here are a few team compositions Kokomi works well with.
Ayaka
(Main DPS),
Shenhe
(Sub DPS),
Kazuha
(Support),
Kokomi
(Support)
Kokomi works as the main Hydro applicator in a Freeze team, spraying enemies with water and preparing them to be frozen. Because she heals the team at the same time, she fills two critical spots all by herself. That leaves room for both Shenhe and Kazuha, who greatly buff the damage output of Ayaka.
Kokomi
(Main DPS),
Yelan
(Sub DPS),
Raiden Shogun
(Sub DPS),
Nahida
(Support)
Kokomi can be the Main DPS or a Sub DPS on any Bloom team thanks to her continuous Hydro application. Again, it’s fantastic that she’s healing the team at the same time, freeing up space to add another powerful character to the team instead of a healer. In this case, Yelan or Xingqiu can support Kokomi’s damage output with their own off-field attacks, as does
Raiden Shogun
. She is the team’s battery at the same time, generating particles to recharge abilities. You can use other Electro characters like Fischl or Yae Miko in her place. Finally, Nahida or Dendro Traveler create the necessary Dendro effects for this strategy to work.
Kokomi
(Main DPS),
Beidou
(Sub DPS),
Fischl
(Sub DPS),
Sucrose
(Support)
Another effective team archetype with Kokomi is one with two Electro and an Anemo character using the Electro-Charged reaction. The two Electro characters provide their element as well as their Elemental Resonance, while Kokomi does the rest with her Hydro attacks. The Anemo slot is there to reduce the elemental resistance of enemies through the Swirl reaction and the artifact set Viridescent Venerer.
Kokomi ascension materials – Genshin Impact
You’ll want to quickly raise Kokomi’s level when you finally pull her, which means that you’ll need to farm her ascension materials. You’ll also require some material to upgrade her talents.
Here’s what you need to get Kokomi to level 90:
Varunada Lazurite Sliver
x1
Varunada Lazurite Fragment
x9
Varunada Lazurite Chunk
x9
Varunada Lazurite Gemstone
x6
Spectral Husk
x18
Spectral Heart
x30
Spectral Nucleus
x36
Sango Pearl
x168
Dew of Repudiation
x46
Mora
x2,092,530
Varunada Lazurite can be obtained from any Hydro-affiliated boss on the world map, such as the Hydro Hypostasis below Watatsumi Island, which you’ll in any case need to defeat for its Dew of Repudiation – two materials, one boss. Spectral Husks, Hearts, and Nuclei are drops from the Specters haunting Watatsumi Island, Seirai, Enkanomiya, and a few places in Sumeru.
Sango Pearls may only be found on Watatsumi Island in the shallow waters around and below the Sangonimiya Shrine itself. The best way to earn more Mora in the game is to farm golden Ley Line Blossoms.
Here’s what you need to upgrade all of Kokomi’s talents to their maximum level:
Spectral Husk
x18
Spectral Heart
x66
Spectral Nucleus
x93
Teachings of Transience
x9
Guide to Transience
x63
Philosophies of Transience
x114
Hellfire Butterfly
x18
Crown of Insight
x3
Mora
x4,957,500
For the materials already mentioned, check above. You’ll need to visit the Violet Court Domain on Monday, Thursday, and Sunday to farm Scrolls of Transience. Hellfire Butterflies are a boss item only dropped by La Signora, so you’ll need to defeat her at Tenshukaku to obtain them – a great excuse to listen to the excellent soundtrack of that boss fight.
Crowns of Insight are a rare item gained from time-limited events or regional reward mechanics like the Grand Narukami Shrine in Inazuma, Tree of Dreams in Sumeru, Fountain of Lucine in Fontaine, and Tablet of Tona in Natlan.
Next. Genshin Impact – All current and upcoming characters. Genshin Impact – All current and upcoming characters. dark
Home
/
Guides