Task Search
Checklists
Guides
Markers
Videos
Sort and Filter
No Results
Checklists
New Checklist
All Lists
My Checklists
All
All Lists
My Checklists
How creative can you get with your first free checklist?
Create a free account
All Interactive Maps and Locations
Sangonomiya Kokomi Build Guide, Best Weapon, Artifacts, and Teams
By
Cedric Pabriga
,
Jen Rothery
,
Triforce
,
+30 more
Updated
:
Jul 31, 2023 5:05pm UTC
Kokomi is a 5-star Hydro Catalyst character that has been part of Genshin Impact since the game's 2.1 patch during the Inazuma storyline. Kokomi was initially designed to be a healer that also functions as an on-field DPS/Driver. Nowadays, she is mostly used as an off-field healer and as a member of Nilou teams that utilize the Bloom reaction. This guide to the
best Genshin Impact Kokomi build
will explain the best weapons, artifact sets, constellations, and team compositions for Kokomi.
Kokomi
Rarity:
★★★★★
Element:
Hydro
Weapon:
Catalyst
Kokomi Ascension Materials
Kokomi Banner
Table of Contents:
How to Get Kokomi
Kokomi Gameplay Overview
Kokomi Talents and Attack Combos
Kokomi Constellation Analysis
Kokomi's Best Weapons
Kokomi's Best Artifacts
Kokomi's Best Teams
How to Get Kokomi in Genshin Impact
Kokomi first debuted during Genshin Impact's 2.1 patch. She is sometimes offered at rate-up on limited 5-star character banners, between once and twice a year.
Genshin Kokomi Gameplay Overview
Element:
Hydro
Weapon:
Catalyst
Rarity:
5-star
Kokomi is a versatile healing unit that allows her to play multiple roles in a variety of teams:
An on-field healer and attacker, utilizing her DPS form with her Burst to deal non-CRIT damage while healing the team, stacking HP%, some Energy Recharge and Healing Bonus.
An off-field healer and a subsidiary Hydro applicator, stacking HP%, lots of Energy Recharge, and Healing Bonus. Here, she mostly -enables- Electro-Charged, Freeze, Hyperbloom and Vaporize reactions.
A Hydro applicator with diminished, but vital healing for teams based on the Bloom transformative reaction, which requires a large emphasis on Elemental Mastery and Energy Recharge. Here, Kokomi is the -trigger- and -enabler- for Bloom reactions.
For more info regarding elemental reactions, check out the
Comprehensive Guide to Elemental Reactions
.
Kokomi also has a unique demerit: her CRIT Rate is diminished by 100%. That means she is unable to score critical hits unless you have extraordinary investment, which usually isn’t worth it unless you have all of her constellations and plenty of in-game resources including impeccable artifacts, team compositions, and tactical knowledge. It is almost never worth it to try and build over 100% CRIT Rate.
Kokomi's' kit for off-field is simple, yet elegant: all she needs to do is summon her jellyfish with her Skill and then let the rest of your team members do their thing. After about 9-10 seconds, you’ll switch back to Kokomi to activate her Elemental Burst, which refreshes your jellyfish’s duration. This jellyfish offers minor damage, but what’s most important is its evenly distributed and consistent Hydro application and team-healing capacities. This helps team survivability while also enabling consistent Hydro-based Elemental reactions.Kokomi's' energy requirements are between 170-220% Energy Recharge, after factoring in Favonius weapon triggers (which reduce ER requirements for the whole team to ensure consistent Elemental Bursts in a rotation). As such, you will almost always want an Energy Recharge Sands and/or Weapon (just don’t equip a Favonius weapon, as she can’t deal critical hits to trigger the passive).
All this said, players of all backgrounds should consider acquiring Kokomi, due to her varied uses as a support, reaction DPS, reaction enabler, and/or healer.
Genshin Kokomi Talents and Attack Combos
Unless you are building Kokomi as your on-field DPS, there is no reason at all to level her Normal Attack talent. The on-field DPS build, while it is what Kokomi was likely designed for, is her least impressive team role. Only level this if you really want to spend most of your fights as Kokomi outside her Burst form, since her DPS in her Burst form comes from her Burst talent, despite the damage output consisting of Normal and Charged Attacks.
The jellyfish summon in her Skill is typically the most important part of her kit, though it’s closely competing with her Burst. It’s recommended to level this first for most gameplay purposes.
Kokomi's Burst both refreshes Kokomi’s jellyfish summon (if it hasn’t already disappeared) and enables the DPS playstyle, so if you want to spend your time with Kokomi on-field, this is a priority.
Next, come her passives. Her first ascension passive is responsible for the jellyfish refresh on her Burst. Her fourth ascension passive adds a portion of her Healing Bonus for her damage scaling during her Burst.
Her unique passive, Flawless Strategy, increases her Healing Bonus by 25%, reduces CRIT Rate by 100%, and her exploration passive decreases stamina consumption while swimming (which may certainly be a boon during Fontaine exploration).
For her combos, her time on-field is straightforward. For off-field utility, simply use her Skill, then swap out, only to return to Kokomi 9-10 seconds later to activate her Burst and swap out again. For dedicated on-field playstyles, it depends on whether you care more about damage or Hydro application. No matter what, the Skill and Burst should be used within (almost exactly) 10 seconds of each other, but for on-field Normal Attack sequences, use three Normal Attacks followed by a dash between for optimal damage, or use two Normal Attacks and a Charged Attack for better Hydro application; this is because Charged Attacks do not have an internal cooldown on application, which can trigger more Bloom reactions.
Genshin Kokomi Constellation Analysis
For a 5-star character, Kokomi’s constellations aren’t very strong until you reach C4 and C6. That said, it’s generally not recommended to pursue constellations unless you are a die-hard Kokomi fan with an enormous amount of disposable income.
Constellation Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
C1. At Water’s Edge
While donning the Ceremonial Garment created by Nereid’s Ascension, the final Normal Attack in Sangonomiya Kokomi’s combo will unleash a swimming fish to deal 30% of her Max HP as Hydro DMG.
This DMG is not considered Normal Attack DMG.
The main reason to get this is not for damage, but instead extra Hydro application, since the fish attack has a separate ICD. You won’t need to use Charged Attacks as much with this.
C2. The Clouds Like Waves Rippling
When team members have less than half their health, Kokomi’s Skill and Burst heal more effectively.
Mainly useful when Kokomi is not building for healing. This is probably most useful for Bloom teams, since she is building more Elemental Mastery and likely won’t be able to invest in her healing capability much.
C3. The Moon, A Ship O’er the Seas
Increase Burst talent level by 3.
Helps her on-field damage, but usually you are not using Kokomi for her on-field damage.
C4. The Moon Overlooks the Waters
During Kokomi’s Burst, she can Normal Attack more quickly and generates energy for herself for each Normal Attack.
The energy generation is huge, since Kokomi desperately needs help being able to Burst consistently. The extra attack speed is more of a bonus.
C5. Against the Fleeing Light
Increases Skill talent level by 3.
The damage boost is entirely negligible, and usually the slightly better healing isn’t needed unless you’re focusing more on Elemental Mastery.
C6. Sango Isshin
During Kokomi’s Burst, she gains 40% Hydro DMG Bonus for four seconds whenever she heals party members who have 80% or more HP
A massive upgrade to Kokomi's damage that’s extremely easy to trigger. Your characters, when Kokomi is an on-field healer, will usually be at 80% or more HP anyways.
Genshin Kokomi's Best Weapons
Kokomi mainly cares about Energy Recharge, HP%, Healing Bonus, and sometimes Elemental Mastery. Bloom-based builds should focus exclusively on Energy Recharge and Elemental Mastery, while other builds should focus on Energy Recharge, HP%, and Healing Bonus.
Weapon Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
Everlasting Moonglow
49.6% HP
Healing Bonus increased by 10%, Normal Attack DMG is increased by 1% of the Max HP of the character equipping this weapon. For 12s after using an Elemental Burst, Normal Attacks that hit opponents will restore 0.6 Energy. Energy can be restored this way once every 0.1s.
Best for On-Field Playstyles and Healing.
This weapon, as most signature weapons do satisfy most, if not all needs for the character it was designed for. However, the value of this weapon for other characters is so low that often it’s not worth rolling for. You can get similar results with much more affordable options, and you should only go for this weapon if you know what your account needs.
A Thousand Floating Dreams
265 Elemental Mastery
For each teammate, if their Elemental Types are the same, increase equipped character’s Elemental Mastery by 32. If not, increase DMG Bonus from their Elemental Type by 10%. Up to 3 stacks. Additionally, all nearby party members other than the equipping character will have their Elemental Mastery increased by 40. Multiple such effects from multiple such weapons can stack.
Best 5-Star EM Option
Nahida’s signature weapon offers the most powerful EM bonuses of any catalyst weapon. It is basically just raw stats for reactions. However, some prefer Sacrificial Fragments due to its utility effect.
Prototype Amber
41.3% HP
Using an Elemental Burst regenerates 4-6 Energy every 2s for 6s. All party members will regenerate 4-6% HP every 2s for this duration.
Best Bang for Primogems
Remember how I said that you can get close to the same results as her signature weapon for cheaper? This weapon requires zero primogems, as it is craftable from the very beginning of the game. It’s strongly recommended to grab a full five refinements of this weapon as soon as possible, not just for Kokomi, but for your account in general, since many catalyst-wielders can make good use of this.
Sacrificial Fragments
221 EM
After damaging an opponent with an Elemental Skill, the skill has a 40-80% chance to end its own CD. Can only occur once every 30-16s.
Best 4-Star for Bloom Teams
Many players may find it a hassle to consistently keep track of jellyfish field time for refreshes. Sacrificial Fragments fixes this, offering a chance to reset the Skill cooldown while offering a good sum of EM. It is	 recommended to hit full refinements, since before R4, Kokomi will not be able to refresh her Skill every rotation. Luckily, the only other character who uses this weapon is Sucrose and this weapon has been accessible on any banner since the game’s launch.
Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayer (R5)
35.2% HP
When switching characters, the new character taking the field has their ATK increased by 48% for 10s. This effect can only occur once every 20s.
Best Non-Reaction Support Option
Thrilling Tales is possible the best 3-star weapon in Genshin Impact, often competing with 4-star and 5-star weapons for viability. It’s easily accessible at R5 from the very beginning of the game and offers an enormous ATK bonus for your main DPS. This is best used in conjunction with Tenacity of the Millelith or other team-buffing artifact set to buff your team even higher.
Oathsworn Eye (R5)
27.6% ATK
After Skill use, +48% ER for 10s.
Strong Event-Only Option
If you missed the event which gave this away for free, there’s no way to obtain this. However, if you do have it, it helps satisfy a large bulk of Kokomi’s Energy Recharge requirements. In conjunction with an ER% sands, you can freely build your substats on your artifacts into the relevant stats for your playstyle.
Sacrificial Jade
37.8% CRIT Rate
When not on the field for more than 5s, Max HP will be increased by 32-64% and Elemental Mastery will be increased by 40-80. These effects will be canceled after the wielder has been on the field for 10s.
A New Option from Fontaine
The CRIT Rate is totally useless on Kokomi, but at high refinements, it grants a good amount of HP and Elemental mastery, which is relevant for Bloom Teams.
Hakushin Ring
30.6% Energy Recharge
After triggering an Electro elemental reaction, nearby party members of an Elemental Type involved in the elemental reaction receive a 10-20% Elemental DMG Bonus for their element, lasting 6s. Elemental Bonuses gained in this way cannot be stacked.
Alternative Craftable Option
This weapon is hard to recommend because it’s so specialized. It does offer Energy Recharge, though, which is helpful. Can be useful when used in conjunction with Electro and Anemo characters. By no means a bad choice, however.
Genshin Kokomi's Best Artifacts
There are two main optimal artifact sets for Kokomi, depending on the play pattern you prefer. Another two options are less so for damage, but instead for support.
Artifact Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
4pc Ocean-Hued Clam
2pc: Healing Bonus +15%
4pc: When healing party members, a bubble forms for three seconds that will store power based on how much you heal, up to 30,000 damage. After those three seconds, the bubble pops, dealing Physical damage to enemies based on 90% of the total amount of healing. A bubble occurs once every 3.5 seconds.
Best All-Around Set for Non-Bloom Teams
Kokomi can easily fill the bubble generated by this set every 3 seconds, dealing 27,000 damage each instance, or roughly 7,700 damage per second. This is great especially if you’re on-field, as this will be a big contributor to her damage.
4pc Gilded Dreams
2pc: Elemental Mastery +80
4pc: After triggering a reaction, for each other party member, if they share an element with equipped character, +14% ATK. If they don’t share an element, +50 Elemental Mastery.
Best Elemental Mastery Set
Flower of Paradise Lost is comparable in damage (and the numbers are quite close), but much less resin-efficient for good artifacts. Gilded Dreams shares a domain with the Deepwood artifact set, which is essential for teams who care about Dendro-based reactions.
Tenacity of the Millelith
2pc: HP +20%
4pc: After equipped character’s Skill hits opponents, the team gains 20% ATK and 30% Shield Strength for three seconds.
Best Generic Support Set (Non-Bloom)
Mainly used in conjunction with Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayer to give your ATK-focused DPS a whopping 68% ATK boost. If you’re early in the game or aren’t sure where you want Kokomi to dedicate her resources to, this is a great option.
Deepwood Memories
2pc: Dendro DMG +15%
4pc: After Elemental Skills or Bursts hit opponents, the targets' Dendro RES will be decreased by 30% for 8s. This effect can be triggered even if the equipping character is not on the field.
Best Support Set for Bloom Teams
This is essentially the “Viridescent Venerer” set for Dendro units, and if you’ve been playing the game long enough, you probably understand how vital that set is for almost any Anemo character. One, and only one character per Dendro team should have Deepwood Memories equipped. However, your character doesn’t have to be Dendro in order to help Dendro characters. Kokomi can equip this so your other Bloom-based characters can run more damage-efficient artifacts if you don’t care about Kokomi’s personal damage.
Genshin Kokomi's Best Teams
Kokomi is so flexible that she works in almost any team you can throw her in, but here are some of her most effective options.
Any Team Wanting a Healer That Benefits from Hydro Application
Kokomi can be played both on-field and off-field in these teams, focusing on either damage or support. I’d stick to using Ocean-Hued Clam or Tenacity of the Millelith artifact sets for this more generic role. Of course, nearly any Hydro character will work in the “National” team (Bennett, Xiangling, and Kazuha or Sucrose) so that will always be a safe position.
Kokomi
A Character
A Character
A Character
Electro-Charged ("Taser")
Taser teams focus on the sheer amount of instances of minor Electro-Charged damage to melt an enemy's HP bar. This strategy has existed since Genshin Impact's launch and is one of the most free-to-play friendly teams to build.
Typically how the team works is you have a defensive unit, two or more characters that synergize with Normal Attacks, and then character who attacks for quickly or deals the most damage when that DPS is using Normal Attacks. An Anemo character equipping 4pc Viridescent Venerer can reduce the resistances of both Hydro and Electro simultaneously, as when an enemy is Electro-Charged, both Electro and Hydro stay applied to the enemy.
In this team, Kokomi can play both on-field or off-field roles.
Kokomi
Electro (Beidou for F2P)
Electro (Fischl for F2P)
Anemo (Sucrose for F2P)
Freeze Teams
Freeze reactions don’t damage enemies, but they immobilize them as a form of crowd-control so a powerful Cryo DPS can deal a massive amount of damage to multiple enemies at once. Generally speaking, you’ll want a Hydro character (Kokomi), an Anemo character with good grouping, a Cryo character, and then either a Hydro or Cryo support, depending on your on-field DPS’s element and energy needs.
For on-field, use Ocean-Hued Clam. For off-field, use Tenacity of the Millelith.
Kokomi
Cryo
Anemo
Cryo/Hydro
Hyperbloom or Burgeon
This EM-focused team doesn’t require Kokomi to invest in Elemental Mastery, since she is not the trigger for Hyperbloom and Burgeon reactions. You start by using consistent Hydro and Dendro application to create seeds on the field, and then detonate them with either an Electro or Pyro character with a full investment in Elemental Mastery.
For those more advanced in team-building, an Anemo character can trigger these reactions, but this will only work with very specific team compositions. Limited 5-Star Nahida is highly recommended for this team, if you managed to pull her.
For on-field, use Ocean-Hued Clam. For off-field, use Ocean-Hued Clam or Deepwood Memories.
It is -not recommended- to run both an Electro and Pyro character. Pick one and stick with it. For Electro, I recommend Kuki Shinobu. For Pyro, I recommend Thoma.
Kokomi
Dendro
Electro or Pyro
Flex Slot (See Above Notes)
Nilou Bloom
Kokomi’s newest team option that sees lots of play, due to generally low investment requirements. Bloom reactions also deal damage to you, so a good healer (sometimes even two) is nearly mandatory. Nilou significantly amplifies Bloom reactions, as long as you -only- use Dendro and Hydro characters on the team. Limited 5-Star Nahida is highly recommended for this team, if you managed to pull her.For on-field Kokomi, use Gilded Dreams/Flower of Lost Paradise. For off-field, use either one of these sets or opt for support with Deepwood Memories if no one else equips it.
Kokomi
Nilou
Dendro
Dendro or Hydro
Specific Teammate Choices
Hydro Characters
Xingqiu
The best 4-star Hydro applicator. His Burst applies Hydro and deals respectable damage in synchonicity with the active character's Normal Attacks and the orbiting swords that act as defensive utility also apply Hydro to enemies when in direct contact.
Yelan
Mainly best for amplifying teammates DMG% while dealing high HP-scaling damage. Very similar to Xingqiu, but less application and no defensive utility. Yelan is a generically strong character.
Ayato
An excellent on-field Hydro DPS and driver for characters like Kokomi, Beidou, Xingqiu, and Yelan.
Dendro Characters
Nahida
The best choice for maximizing the damage potential of Dendro-based reactions like Quicken/Spread/Aggravate/Hyperbloom/Burgeon/Bloom. She needs almost no field time and shares EM with the active character.
Baizhu
A shielder and healer all-in-one for teams focusing on Dendro-based reactions. Offers shields and plenty of healing to the party, all of which enhance reaction damage.
Dendro Traveler
The best budget alternative to Nahida, as they offer consistent Dendro application in a wide area-of-effect thanks to her Burst while offering buffs to the team. All of her constellations are freely obtainable, as well.**
Kirara
A dedicated shielder in Dendro for protecting fragile characters from being interrupted. Especially useful when Yae Miko is also on the team.
YaoYao
A F2P healing option in Dendro that is sometimes a better choice than Baizhu, due to low investment requirements.
Electro Characters
Keqing
The most aggressive quickswap DPS. Originally one of the weakest characters in the game, the introduction of the Dendro element gave her a massive boost in playability due to her rapid Electro application.
Yae Miko
Comparable to Fischl. However, Yae Miko has an exceptionally powerful Burst that acts like a nuke. EM buffs are especially good with Miko due to her passive that adds DMG% to her Skill totems based on her EM. Miko's drawback, in exchange for her raw power, is the amount of field time required for an "off-field" unit.
Fischl
The best off-field Electro DPS in the game when it comes to Quicken teams, thanks to a synergy between her Fourth Ascension Passive and how Quicken reactions work. In almost any Quicken team, she will deal the majority of the team's damage, and outside of Quicken teams, she is useful in nearly any team that can fit her. In Hyperbloom teams, her Skilll and Burst don’t hit the seeds, allowing an EM-invested Anemo character to trigger the Hyperbloom reactions by Swirling Fischl’s Electro damage on enemies.
Lisa
Lisa is free from the beginning of the game and also gained a lot of viability thanks to Quicken being introduced to the game, allowing her to become an on-field DPS or support depending on team needs. Her Burst also shreds enemy defenses -- a very rare debuff. She can be used as a Hyperbloom trigger or as an on-field DPS with the Quicken reactions.
Beidou
Beidou has a powerful Burst that, after her second Constellation, creates arc lightning that bounces between enemies while also generating a shield and interruption resiistance. While her Burst is strong, her energy needs are high, which makes Fischl an ideal partner for Beidou to maximize her potential.
Kuki Shinobu
The most sensible dedicated Hyperbloom trigger, due to her healing and spaced out, yet consistent Electro application that has full uptime.
Raiden Shogun
Technically better with Hyperbloom than Shinobu, but building full EM on Raiden takes away her potential as a DPS, which remains attractive to many players. Raiden is also a fantastic on-field and can drive taser teams if need be.
Pyro Characters
Xiangling
The best off-field Pyro DPS and perhaps the best overall off-field DPS in the game. She generates tons of damage and Pyro application without ICD with her energy-hungry Burst. However, she requires Bennett's support to function.
Bennett
Widely considered to be one of the strongest supports in the game, Bennett provides the party with an enormous Flat ATK buff equal to a percentage of Bennett's ATK (sometimes over 100%). Bennett also heals with his Burst and generates tons of Pyro energy particles with his tapped Skill and its 3-second cooldown. Bennett makes every team that cares about ATK better.
Thoma
The most sensible dedicated Burgeon trigger, thanks to Thoma's slow Pyro application and shield generation, protecting the teams from Burgeon reactions created.
Cryo Characters
Ayaka
The first choice for a Cryo DPS in Freeze teams. Her Burst is incredibly powerful and shreds enemies to pieces when they’re frozen and grouped together. Using Diona as a support is recommended, as Ayaka is quite energy-hungry.
Rosaria
The best universal Cryo support, due to her ability to share a portion of her CRIT Rate with her team, her consistent Cryo application, and high damage output. She is an excellent all-rounder and can also play as an on-field DPS.
Diona
Diona packs shielding and healing into one character, which is extremely rare. She also generates a solid amount of particles with her Skill.
Kaeya
Basically equivalent to Rosaria, except constellations are harder to acquire and his Cryo application requires being in striking distance from enemies. For melee Physical DPS's this is often preferred.
Anemo Utility Options
(all assumed to be equipping 4pc Viridescent Venerer)
Kazuha
The best all-around choice for most Anemo needs. Kazuha scales well with EM, provides a huge DMG% buff to teammates depending on what elements he swirls in his Burst, offers good crowd control, and has short cooldowns on his entire kit.
Sucrose
Sometimes better than Kazuha, depending on the team comp, due to her ability to share a portion of her Elemental Mastery with the team, wield Catalysts known for their support functions, and apply Anemo and Swirl with Normal Attacks. She offers crowd control and energy generation ontop of decent driving capabilities.
Venti
The Anemo Archon and the god of crowd control. He can buff teammates while equipping Elegy for the End and is an excellent choice against large amounts of enemies.
Jean
or
Sayu
These characters fulfil similar roles in their ability to heal as well as Swirl. Jean has special synergy with Bennett, but since Bennett is less needed on these teams, we can argue that their usefulness is equivalent to one another.
Up Next:
Sayu Guide - Best Builds and Tips
Previous
Kokomi Banner, Skills, Talents, and Constellations
Next
Sayu Guide - Best Builds and Tips
Top Guide Sections
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna IV Release Time and Details
Genshin Impact Luna III Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna II Release Date and Details
Was this guide helpful?
Leave feedback
In This Guide
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Initial Release:
Sep 27, 2020
+2
Learn more
Go to comments