Genshin Impact: The Best Build for Anemo Traveler
Updated at
01/11/2021 at 09:47
By
David W. Duffy
0
If you're looking to optimize your Anemo Traveler build in Genshin Impact with the best weapons and artifacts, then this guide is for you!
The main character in
Genshin Impact
is the Traveler, with the story focusing on their hunt for their twin sibling after being stranded in the world of Teyvat by a mysterious god-like character.
They can be of three different elements -- either
Anemo
(the starting affinity),
Geo
,
or
Electro
. All builds use the Sword.
Players can switch between affinities at a relevant Statue of the Seven. Anemo Statues are found in Mondstadt, Geo Statues in Liyue, and Electro Statues in Inazuma.
This build focuses on the
Anemo Traveler
, and is more ideally focused towards a support role based upon Swirl capabilities.
Genshin Impact Version 2.2 Trailer
The best weapons for Anemo Traveler in Genshin Impact
We've gone with the
Festering Desire
sword for this build, as it boosts Elemental Skill DMG. A large part of how you'll play this build is using this skill well, and the Swirl DMG potential is great.
Skyward Blade
is always a decent option for sword-wielders thanks to the Energy Recharge it offers, while increasing general DMG and providing a nice buff.
Festering Desire
★★★★
Energy Recharge
Undying Admiration
Increases Elemental Skill DMG by
16/20/24/28/32%
and Elemental Skill CRIT Rate by
6.0/7.5/9.0/10.5/12%.
Skyward Blade
★★★★★
Energy Recharge
Sky-Piercing Fang
Crit Rate increased by
4/5/6/7/8%.
Gains Skypiercing Might upon using Elemental Burst: Increases Movement SPD by 10%, increases ATK SPD by 10%, and Normal and Charged hits deal additional DMG equal to
20/25/30/35/40%
of ATK. Skypiercing Might lasts for 12s.
The best Artifacts for Anemo Traveler in Genshin Impact
Viridescent Venerer
is a good set that specifically boosts Anemo DMG, and ramps up Swirl DMG. For that reason, it's pretty much the only set you'll want to consider.
It can take some farming to acquire though, so a decent alternative in the meantime is the
Noblesse Oblige
set for a boost to Elemental Burst DMG.
Viridescent Venerer
(2) Anemo DMG Bonus +15%
(4) Increases Swirl DMG by 60%. Decreases opponent's Elemental RES to the element infused in the Swirl by 40% for 10s.
Noblesse Oblige
(2) Elemental Burst DMG +20%
(4) Using an Elemental Burst increases all party members' ATK by 20% for 12s. This effect cannot stack.
Talent and Constellation priority for Anemo Traveler in Genshin Impact
As the primary and most regular source of Swirl DMG, focus on boosting Anemo Traveler's
Palm Vortex
Elemental Skill. Then, max out their
Gust Surge
Elemental Burst.
Traveler's
Raging Vortex (C1)
Constellation is a key unlock, pulling enemies in for more grouped DMG.
Uprising Whirlwind (C2)
will boost Energy Recharge, while
Cherishing Breezes (C4)
increases sustainability while casting the Elemental Skill.
The best stat priority and substat priority for Anemo Traveler in Genshin Impact
Maximising the uptime of Elemental Skill and Burst is key, so opt for Energy Recharge as a priority.
Stat Priority
Energy Recharge
Anemo DMG Bonus
ATK
Substat Priority
Energy Recharge
CRIT Rate / CRIT DMG
Redeem Genshin Impact Promo Codes: Free Primogems and More!
Here is a list of all promo codes available to redeem on Genshin Impact. If you're looking to get some free Primogems, Mora, Adventure XP and Hero's Wit, you're in the right place.
0