The Best Characters To Pair With Albedo In Genshin Impact
By
Amelia Summers
Updated
Sep 30, 2022, 1:15 PM EDT
Amelia Summers is a researcher based in Toronto, Canada. She works as a list writer for TheGamer.
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Genshin Impact
boasts a massive roster of characters. This lineup has only continued to grow with each of the game's regular updates. While the updates have brought the island region of Inazuma, along with many new characters, some past limited-time characters have been returning.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best Swords For Albedo
One of these characters is the very unique and powerful Geo sword user, Albedo. He is a great support and Sub-DPS character who can help immensely during even the most challenging of fights. Here are some of the best team members that you can pair with him.
Updated September 30, 2022, by Jouanna Bondakji:
With more characters being added to Genshin Impact, there continue to be more team member options for every character, including Albedo. The game has introduced a handful of Geo characters, most of whom Albedo pairs very well with. This also allows you to take advantage of Geo resonance more often when there are at least two Geo characters in the team. The Geo resonance gives a 15 percent increase in shield durability and damage dealt when shielded, making the Crystallize reaction more valuable.
12
Zhongli
Zhongli is
pretty useful in many teams
, but he provides something special when paired with Albedo. Being in the same team as Albedo will trigger Geo resonance, making Zhongli's shield stronger and anyone within that shield deal more damage, including Albedo.
Though Albedo is usually a support or Sub-DPS, his damage is nothing to sneeze at if you invest in him properly. Zhongli provides him with protection and extra attack power on the battlefield, giving him an easy way to be more than just a swap-in and swap-out type of character.
11
Gorou
Gorou is a support character who's
practically made for Geo teams
. In his case, the more Geo, the better, so you're guaranteed to have Geo resonance if you know what you're doing. On top of the resonance, his Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst focus on strengthening characters more than dealing damage themselves.
Both these things in his kit buff the damage output of Geo characters, so if you want to use Albedo as more than just a support, Gorou is practically a must-have for his team. Gorou's second constellation also buffs defense, making Albedo deal even more damage in battle, since his Elemental Skill scales off of defense.
10
Arataki Itto
Itto is a main DPS
, and pairing him with Albedo will trigger Geo resonance. Albedo works great as a support for Itto, and he's able to deal significant off-field damage while Itto is the on-field DPS. These two together would be the main damage dealers in a team of four, even though they can't cause elemental reactions.
If you use Albedo's Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst whenever they're up and then switch to Itto to attack on-field, you'll be doing a lot of damage to enemies. Picking up the crystal shards generated by their Geo attacks will also let them take advantage of the extra protection and damage that Geo resonance gives them.
9
Ningguang
Ningguang is a four-star Geo character with a
unique play style
. Since she uses a catalyst, she focuses on dealing large amounts of Geo damage.
This is where her synergy with Albedo comes in. You can use his Elemental Skill to create the AoE field which buffs your characters while dealing damage to enemies, and then use Ningguang in that area. Using this field, she can deal immense amounts of damage. Plus, having her and Albedo on the same team means you get Geo Resonance, which decreases Geo resistance on enemies.
8
Noelle
If you're looking for another Geo choice for your Albedo team, then
Noelle is a solid choice
. She is one of Genshin Impact's "free" characters as she is guaranteed, but that doesn't mean she should be underestimated. She's a solid Sub-DPS or even Support character.
Related:
Genshin Impact: Best Team Members For Noelle
Noelle has a shield Elemental Skill and an Elemental Burst that turns all her attacks into Geo attacks. Besides that, she also boasts healing capabilities and an automatic shield for your active character when their HP drops below a certain percentage. This can come in handy especially with the Geo Elemental Resonance you'll be getting for having her and Albedo on the same team.
7
Xiangling
Xiangling is a
great choice for a lot of reasons
. Being another one of Genshin's guaranteed characters means you'll have her handy, and you might even have some of her constellations, too. She's a fast Pyro character who can work well within the AoE that Albedo puts up.
When using her, the idea is to activate Albedo's Elemental Skill and then bring out Xiangling. You can then use her Elemental Skill while attacking to keep dealing heavy damage for the duration of Albedo's skill.
6
Kaeya
Kaeya is another great option, especially if you're bringing along a character such as Xiangling, or another Pyro character, such as the ones suggested below.
With Kaeya on your team, you can activate Albedo's Elemental Skill, switch to Kaeya to deal Cryo damage, and then, if you want, switch to another element to cause a reaction. You can cause Superconduct or Melt reactions, with an Electro or Pyro character, respectively.
Kaeya is a fantastic Sub-DPS
for this, and his Skill has a short cooldown which means you can keep applying Cryo.
5
Hu Tao
If you've been playing Genshin Impact for a while, or if you've been particularly lucky, you might have Hu Tao. If you do, she's definitely an excellent option for your Albedo team composition.
Hu Tao is
easily one of the best DPS characters
in Genshin Impact. However, she tends to be fragile, which can make her difficult to use in most cases. However, if you have Geo Resonance or some sort of shield, she can stay active for longer and attack continuously.
4
Venti
Venti is another excellent character, but he's rather rare, on account of being a limited five-star character. However, if you have him, you'll find that he proves himself useful with Albedo.
Venti is great for crowd control as he can deal a large amount of damage while also sucking enemies into a vortex. This, combined with Albedo's skill, means you can do a lot of Geo and Anemo damage while keeping your enemies within the AoE.
3
Fischl
Fischl is a great character because her Elemental Skill has a short cooldown and stays on the field even when you swap her out with someone else.
Related:
Genshin Impact: Best Team Compositions For Fischl
This means
Fischl is useful for setting up reactions
. When used in Albedo's Skill AoE, you can couple it with a Cryo character for Superconduct reactions, or a Hydro character for Electro-Charged reactions.
Lists
Live-Service Games
Triple-A Games
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
24.6%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
20.1%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.7%
007 First Light
007 First Light
8.9%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.7%
Other
Other
21.9%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
There's An Expedition 33 Reference In Saros' Trophy List
Mass Effect Writer Shuts Down Rumours Amazon Series Is Written For "Non-Gaming Audiences"
Pragmata Is Already Catching Up To Capcom's Highest Rated Steam Game