Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Best Team Builds For Xiao
In this guide, we’ll look at the best free-to-play and budget guides. We’ll show you how to maximize your damage output profile while finding the playstyle that you enjoy the most.
Xiao is one of the toughest characters to build around, and if you’re not sure where to start, or want some ideas on what to do, you’ll probably like the ones presented in this guide. From budget options to paid options, let’s take a look!
Xiao
Xiao is a polearm-wielding Anemo DPS character that specializes in lightning-fast attacks and an acrobatic combat style. Crit rate is how he scales, so keep that in mind. Because he is Anemo, building his teams are a little more complex.
Note: the only reaction he can do is Disposal. There is no strong multiplier (only 1.2), so it’s something to think about when picking your team. Pick team members more for synergy and playstyle.
Elemental Resonance
For Xiao, as far as Elemental Resonance goes, Impetuous Winds is best for him. This is on account of his incredible “E” multiplier and the cooldown reduction on his skill. Xiao’s E carries a lot of damage when his burst is not up.
The second best for him is Cryo. Putting Cryo on a few opponents, you can then focus on applying a high crit rate and putting out the extra damage.
Hydro and Electro resonance are not the best choices, as discussed in the video.
Team Builds
Team #1 – Xiao (Main DPS), Albedo (Sub DPS), Bennett (Utility), and Venti (Utility). This team is meant to group mobs together and pour on the AoE Damage. Xiao is great with Venti because Venti’s E is a battery. Venti’s burst groups the mobs together, so you get max damage when using Xiao’s ult. Bennett is a good healer, as the enemies are grouped tightly.
Team #2 – Xiao, Albedo, Fischl, and Jean. This team is quite similar to the first, however, there are some key differences. You lose a lot of AoE to put more emphasis on single target damage. Fischl and Albedo actually act like turrets and they are great off elemental batteries. Swirl also constantly procs Fischl’s P4.
Try out a few builds and teams and let us know what you think are the best ones in the comments below!
Credits
Author
Curtis Pyke
YouTuber
Concept2
Program
Freedom! Scholarship
Publisher
MGN TV
Game
Genshin Impact
More by the author
Xiao Team Tier List – Team Comp – Best Supports – Genshin Impact
Cyberpunk 2077: How to get Adam Smashers secret room and legendary – Cyberpunk Secrets – Ba Xing Chong
Genshin Impact – 3 Dragonspine Seelie Puzzles and Solutions
The Medium – Game review – DOES THIS GAME MEET THE EXPECTATIONS?