Sucrose is a playable Anemo character in Genshin Impact. She is one of the most powerful and thus popular characters for playing as a Sub DPS. We decided to write this guide to help you learn more about Sucrose. In our Genshin Impact Sucrose Build and Best Team Comp post you will learn about Sucrose’s talents, how they work and how to upgrade them. Also, you will read about her Constellations that will help you make Sucrose even more powerful. After that, we have written Genshin Impact Sucrose Build where you’ll see weapon and artifact set. And at last, we have mentioned the best team comps for Sucrose as the Sub DPS hero.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
The whole information is presented in tables. You can use the navigation bar above to move quickly to the information block that you are most interested in.
Talents
Constellations
Build
Team
Sucrose Build
Below you can see the best weapon option for playing Sucrose in Genshin Impact. Accompanied by the best Sucrose artifact set and its stat priorities.
Sub DPS Build
If you play this champion as a Support in your comp you should take the weapon and artifacts from the list below. They are believed to be the most effective ones in almost all situations.
Weapon
Sacrificial Fragments
Weapon Substitutes:
Skyward Atlas
,
Mappa Mare
,
Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers
.
Artifact Set
Viridescent Venerer
(4-Piece)
Artifact Main Stats Priority:
Elemental Mastery / ATK%
Elemental Mastery / Anemo DMG Bonus
Elemental Mastery
Sub Stats Priority: ATK% > Energy Recharge > Elemental Mastery > CRIT DMG
Talent Priority
Astable Anemohypostasis Creation – 6308 > Forbidden Creation – Isomer 75 / Type II > Wind Spirit Creation
Best Team Compositions for Sucrose
When you play Genshin Impact everything depends not only on your main character but also on the composition. You should learn how elements complement each other and build the best team for your main. Below you can see the best team composition for Sucrose with Main DPS, sub DPS and Support characters. Also, we have included alternative characters for each role that go well with Sucrose too.
Sucrose increases the Elemental Reaction DMG by boosting the whole team’s Elemental Mastery that scales with her own. Diluc benefit significantly from the EM Sucrose provides with her passives. This allows him to deal huge damage amplifying a vaporize reaction. Mona can spread Hydro and is able to perform big number DMG with Bennett and Sucrose. With Bennett in the team, you get both Pyro resonance, ATK buff and healing.
Good characters for this comp:
Ganyu, Tartaglia, Klee, Yanfei, Hu Tao, Xingqiu, Xiangling, Diona.
If you want to know more about every teammate for Sucrose you can click on the link below and find them in the list of all Genshin Impact characters that we have described.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
In case you are still not sure what champion you want to pick as main we have
Genshin Impact characters tier list
with explanations on how to build your best team.
Sucrose Talents
Below you can see the list of talents that Sucrose uses during the fight. Each of them we have described with the main characteristics.
Wind Spirit Creation
Normal Attack
Normal Attack:
Performs up to 4 attacks using Wind Spirits, dealing Anemo DMG.
Charged Attack:
Consumes a certain amount of Stamina and deals AoE Anemo DMG after a short casting time.
Plunging Attack:
Calling upon the power of her Wind Spirits, Sucrose plunges towards the ground from mid-air, damaging all opponents in her path. Deals AoE Anemo DMG upon impact with the ground.
Astable Anemohypostasis Creation – 6308
Elemental Skill
Creates a small Wind Spirit that pulls opponents and objects towards its location, launches opponents within its AoE, and deals Anemo DMG.
Forbidden Creation – Isomer 75 / Type II
Elemental Burst
Sucrose hurls an unstable concoction that creates a Large Wind Spirit. While it persists, the Large Wind Spirit will continuously pull in surrounding opponents and objects, launch nearby opponents, and deal Anemo DMG.
Elemental Absorption:
If the Wind Spirit comes into contact with Hydro/Pyro/Cryo/Electro energy, it will deal additional elemental DMG of that type.
Elemental Absorption may only occur once per use.
Catalyst Conversion
1st Ascension Passive
When Sucrose triggers a Swirl effect, all characters in the party with the matching element (excluding Sucrose) have their Elemental Mastery increased by 50 for 8s.
Mollis Favonius
4th Ascension Passive
When Astable Anemohypostasis Creation – 6308 or Forbidden Creation – Isomer 75 / Type II hits an opponent, increases all party members’ (excluding Sucrose) Elemental Mastery based on 20% of Sucrose’s Elemental Mastery for 8s.
Astable Invention
Utility Passive
When Sucrose crafts Character and Weapon Enhancement Materials, she has a 10% chance to obtain double the product.
Every talent can be upgraded up to level 15. But to do so you will need to gather materials on particular days. The list of the needed materials for leveling Sucrose’s talents is mentioned in the next block.
Talent Leveling Materials
So here you can see all materials that you will need in order to level up Sucrose’s talents.
Talent Level-Up Materials
Freedom Books:
Teachings of Freedom
,
Guide to Freedom
,
Philosophies of Freedom
.
Common Ascension Materials
Whopperflower Nectar
,
Shimmering Nectar
,
Energy Nectar
.
Weekly Boss Material
Spirit Locket of Boreas
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
Some of them are required at the beginning for low levels and others are more advanced. We just wanted to focus your attention on material types in general.
Sucrose Constellations
In Genshin Impact characters have a specific upgrade system called constellation. You will need to get a specific item called Stella Fortuna to increase the level of constellation. Each character has their own version of Stella Fortuna, which you get by obtaining a duplicate of the character from Wishes.
Level 1
Clustered Vacuum Field
Astable Anemohypostasis Creation – 6308 gains 1 additional charge.
Level 2
Beth: Unbound Form
The duration of Forbidden Creation – Isomer 75 / Type II is increased by 2s.
Level 3
Flawless Alchemistress
Increases the Level of Astable Anemohypostasis Creation – 6308 by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4
Alchemania
Every 7 Normal and Charged Attacks, Sucrose will reduce the CD of Astable Anemohypostasis Creation – 6308 by 1-7s.
Level 5
Caution: Standard Flask
Increases the Level of Forbidden Creation – Isomer 75 / Type II by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6
Chaotic Entropy
If Forbidden Creation – Isomer 75 / Type II triggers an Elemental Absorption, all party members gain a 20% Elemental DMG Bonus for the corresponding absorbed element during its duration.
Every Genshin Impact character has own set of constellations above you can see Sucrose constellations list with descriptions.
Ascension Materials
In addition, there are ascension phases that increase the level cap for your character. After Sucrose reaches the 20th level she can be ascended to the next ascension phase, up to phase 6, which allow getting 90th level.
Character Ascension Materials
Vayuda Turquoise:
Vayuda Turquoise Sliver
,
Vayuda Turquoise Fragment
,
Vayuda Turquoise Chunk
,
Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone
.
Hurricane Seed
Common Ascension Materials
Whopperflower Nectar
,
Shimmering Nectar
,
Energy Nectar
.
Local Specialty
Windwheel Aster
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
In order to level up ascension phases you’ll need materials. So the list of those required for Sucrose is listed above.
Artem R.
I have been an avid gamer since childhood. My favorite genres are RPGs, Action, and MMOs. Some of my all-time favorite games include the Diablo and Path of Exile ARPG series, the Dark Souls series, and JRPGs like Xenoblade, Atelier, and the Final Fantasy. I am also a big fan of the PSP and PS Vita, and I currently enjoy gaming on my Nintendo Switch.
Post Views:
8,179
Please share it with your friends
Tags:
Genshin Impact
Post navigation
Previous
Diablo 3 Season 24 Conquests List
Next
Diablo 3 Season 24 Theme Details