Genshin Impact: The Best Team Compositions To Pair With Sucrose
Mona, Ayaka, and shy Sucrose
By
Nahda Nabiilah
Published
Sep 12, 2021, 7:30 PM EDT
Nahda Nabiilah is a writer and editor from Indonesia. She has always loved writing and playing games, so one day she decided to combine the two. Most of the time, writing gaming guides is a blast for her, due to it being two of Nahda's favorite things. She strives to make detailed and easy-to-follow guides.
Sign in to your
GameRant
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Table of contents
The Sumeru Region Basics and First Steps
The Sumeru Region Basics and First Steps
> What to Do First in Sumeru
Important Places and Locations
Important Places and Locations
> How to Unlock the Tree of Dreams and Use Dendro Sigils
> How to Unlock Sumeru Daily Commissions and Sumeru Reputation
> Sumeru Shrines of Depths - All Locations
> Every Merchant in Sumeru, Where to Find Them, and What They Sell
Domain Unlock Guides
Domain Unlock Guides
> How to Unlock the Altar of Mirages Domain
> How to Unlock the Garden of Endless Pillars Domain
> How to Unlock the Fane of Panjvahe Domain
> How to Unlock the City of the Deceased Domain
Items
Items
> How to Unlock Sumeru Forge Weapons
> How to Use the Boon of the Elder Tree
> All Radiant Spincrystal Locations in Sumeru
> Consecrated Beast Locations
> All Dendroculus Locations in Gavireh Lajavard and Realm of Farakhkert
Sumeru Local Specialties
Sumeru Local Specialties
> Rukkhashava Mushroom Locations
> Rukkhashava Mushroom Locations
> Nilotpala Lotus Locations
> Nilotpala Lotus Locations
> Kalpalata Lotus Locations
> Kalpalata Lotus Locations
> Padisarah Locations
> Padisarah Locations
> Scarab Locations
> Scarab Locations
> Henna Berry Locations
> Henna Berry Locations
> Sand Grease Pupa Locations
> Sand Grease Pupa Locations
> Mourning Flower Locations
> Mourning Flower Locations
> Trishiraite Locations
> Trishiraite Locations
> All Sumeru Food Recipe Sources and Locations
> All Sumeru Food Recipe Sources and Locations
Mechanics and Tutorials
Mechanics and Tutorials
> How to Destroy the Stone Pillar Seals
> How to Destroy the Withering
> How to Complete the Trial of the Phantasmal Seed
> How to Use Dendrograna
Dendro
Dendro
> All Dendro Reactions, Explained
Sumeru Boss Guides
Sumeru Boss Guides
World Bosses (Character Ascension Materials)
World Bosses (Character Ascension Materials)
> Boss Guide: Jadeplume Terrorshroom
> Boss Guide: Jadeplume Terrorshroom
> Boss Guide: Electro Regisvine
> Boss Guide: Electro Regisvine
> Boss Guide: Aeonblight Drake
> Boss Guide: Aeonblight Drake
> Boss Guide: Algorithm of Semi-Intransient Matrix of Overseer Network
> Boss Guide: Algorithm of Semi-Intransient Matrix of Overseer Network
> Boss Guide: Dendro Hypostasis
> Boss Guide: Dendro Hypostasis
> Boss Guide: Setekh Wenut
> Boss Guide: Setekh Wenut
> Boss Guide: Iniquitous Baptist
> Boss Guide: Iniquitous Baptist
Trounce Domains (Character Talent Upgrade Materials)
Trounce Domains (Character Talent Upgrade Materials)
> Boss Guide: Joururi Workshop (Scaramouche)
> Boss Guide: Joururi Workshop (Scaramouche)
> Boss Guide: Realm of Beginnings (The Guardian of Apep's Oasis)
> Boss Guide: Realm of Beginnings (The Guardian of Apep's Oasis)
Quest Guides
Quest Guides
Sumeru Hangout Events
Sumeru Hangout Events
> Layla Hangout Guide - How to Get All Endings
> Faruzan Hangout Guide - How to Get All Endings
> Kaveh Hangout Guide - How to Get All Endings
Sumeru Archon Quest Help
Sumeru Archon Quest Help
> A Lamenter at Fate's End Quest: How to Continue Exploring the Unknown Sanctuary
> The Answers to Setaria's Questions (Like a Triumphant Hero)
> Mysterious Ruins Puzzle Solutions (Secret of the Scorching Desert)
The Aranyaka
The Aranyaka
> How to Find the Branch Together with Aranakula
> Chapter 1 of The Aranyaka (Woodland Encounter)
> Chapter 3 of the Aranyaka (Varuna Gatha)
> Chapter 4 of the Aranyaka (Agnihotra Sutra)
> Chapter 5 of the Aranyaka (Vimana Agama)
> How to Proceed to the Location Shown in the Painting (Static Views)
> Jazari's Chapter: How to Connect all Four Relays in the Middle
> How to Lower the Water Level in Royinjan's Chapter
> Every Stone Pillar Seal Location in Sumeru (Legends of the Stone Lock)
> Vasmtri: Every Nursery Location in Sumeru
> All Aranara Locations (For Meritous Service Achievement)
> How to Unlock Garcia's Paean (Complete Liyue to Sumeru Guide)
The Great Red Sand Area Walkthroughs
The Great Red Sand Area Walkthroughs
> How to Increase Clearance
> How to Completely Upgrade the Jinni Bottle
> How to Proceed Deeper Within the Ruins (The Secret of Al-Ahmar Quest)
> How to Try to Open the Coffin (The Secret of Al-Ahmar)
> How to Go to the Location Indicated by the Stone Slate (Dual Evidence)
> Puzzle Guide: Sekhem Hall (Luxurious Chest and Two Precious Chests)
> How to Operate the Prism of Khaj-Nisut (Dreams Beneath the Searing Sand)
> How to Get a Luxurious Chest at the Top of King Deshret's Mausoleum
> All Primal Obelisk Locations
> All Primal Obelisk Locations
> All Mysterious Stone Slate Locations ("The Nameless City's Past" Achievement)
> How to Solve the Cascade Pool Puzzle
> Where to Find the Fatui Stronghold Key
> How to Solve the Unchanging Past Flower Puzzle in the Eternal Oasis (Orchard of Pairidaeza)
> How to Get Every Chess Piece for the Temple of Gurabad (Safhe Shatranj)
> Dune-Entombed Fecundity: Part I - How to Find Another Way to Enter the Central Area
> Dune-Entombed Fecundity: Part II - How to Restore Power to the Left Arm
> How to Solve the Liloupar's Cell Dendro Monument Puzzle
> How to Solve the Stone Symbol Puzzle (Weathered Obelisk Puzzle Guide)
> Wounded Shin Valley Elemental Monument Puzzle (Luxurious Chest)
> Safhe Shatranj Cascade Pool Puzzle Solution (Luxurious and Common Chest Reward)
> How to Enter the Defiled Chamber to Search for the Spenta Hearts (The Hymn of Tir Yazad)
> Quest Guide: A Gifted Rose
> Quest Guide: A Gifted Rose
> All Golden Rose Seed Locations
> How to Get the Password to Enter Thutmose's Secret Base (Hidden Mercenaries - Soheil's Wish)
Girdle of the Sands Area Walkthroughs
Girdle of the Sands Area Walkthroughs
> All Fravashi Tree Locations (Pale Fire)
> All Plume of Purifying Light Locations
> Udumbara Locations Guide
> How to Use Sorush and All Her Abilities
As the Khvarena Light Shows Quest Guides
As the Khvarena Light Shows Quest Guides
> How to Connect the Three Devices Near the Elevator and Activate the Central Control Device
> How to Use the Farrwick to Link the Circuit and Activate the Left Machine Door
> How to Link the Circuit and Activate the Right Machine Door
> How to Connect the Circuit (As the Khvarena's Light Shows: Nirodha)
> How to Open the Ruins' Gate (As the Khvarena's Light Shows: Nirodha)
> How to Find the Energy Block and Return to the Control Center (As the Khvarena's Light Shows: Nirodha)
> Achievement Guide: How to Purify All Sunyata Flowers (The Sea of Fertility)
> How to Drain the Water and Get the Kory Drum - Trial of Submerged Waves (Awakening's Real Sound)
> How to Perform According to the Drum Score (Awakening's Real Sound)
> How to Light Up All the Bright Flame Altars (Awakening's Real Sound)
> How to Search for the Lost Monument Fragments with Sorush's Help (Monumental Study)
> How to Follow the Footprints and Search for Clues (Investigate the Fatui Camp Marked by Sosi)
> How to Awaken the Power of Khvarena and Disperse the Purple Mist (Asipattravana Itihasa)
> Quest Guide: An Artist Adrift
> Quest Guide: An Artist Adrift
> How to Search the Road for the Missing Sketch (An Artist Adrift)
> How to Solve the Luxurious Chest Puzzle in Asipattravana Swamp (Trapped Seelies)
Achievement Guide: Seven Dish Dance (Luxurious Chest and Six Exquisite Chests)
> How to Solve the Luxurious Chest Puzzle in Vourukasha Oasis (Mayflies and Seelies)
Sumeru Achievement Guides
Sumeru Achievement Guides
> Achievement Guide: The Random Circumstances of a Rose's Blooming
> Achievement Guide: Encore!
> Achievement Guide: Song of Night and Dawn
> Achievement Guide: Date of Departure
> Achievement Guide: They Enter the Flow
> Achievement Guide: Beyond the Shadow of Time
> Achievement Guide: Through to the Earth I May Return
> Achievement Guide: The End of the Corridor (Glinting Component Locations)
> Achievement Guide: A Well-Trained Archaeologist (Primal Obelisk Locations)
> Achievement Guide: Hunter's Mercy (Tadhla the Falcon Quest)
> Achievement Guide: La Luna Rossa (Where to Find Every Activation Device for the Chessboard)
> Achievement Guide: Isn't Life Wondrous?
> Achievement Guide: How Do You Write The Excavation Report?
Sucrose
Anemo
Catalyst
Mondstadt
Guides
Ascension
Builds
Weapons
Team Comp
Constellation (coming soon)
Player Mistakes
Back to All Characters
Currently, there aren't many Anemo 4-star characters in
Genshin Impact
. Before the
release of Sayu
in
Genshin Impact
2.0, Sucrose was the only 4-star character with Anemo Vision. This makes her a highly desirable character in the game.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Builds For Xiao
Anemo is one of the best supportive elements in the game. This is mostly because of the artifact set designed for the Anemo characters, the 4-Viridescent Venerer. Not only that, but Sucrose also offers other supportive values for her team. For example, she generates a large amount of Energy, she can Crowd Control enemies, and, most importantly, she provides an Elemental Mastery Buff that scales with her own Elemental Mastery.
Xiao
Xiao in his character Demo from miHoyo's Youtube channel
Sucrose is the best support for Xiao. The Vigilant Yaksha is one of the best DPS in the game, but he has a
massive Energy issue
. Not only is his Elemental Skill insufficient to battery himself, but it also doesn't generate Energy if used when his Elemental Burst is active.
This is where Sucrose comes to play. She can create a lot of Energy using her Elemental Skill, allowing Xiao to easily refill his Elemental Burst. Sucrose can do this job marvelously if players own her first Constellation and equip her with Sacrificial Fragments.
Bennett
what a cute smile from bennett
Both Bennett and Sucrose are the key to the typical YouTube thumbnails, and this is completely understandable. Bennett is an amazing attack buffer, while Sucrose offers an Elemental Resistance reduction and Elemental Mastery boost. With these characters, players can easily reach hundreds of thousands of damage.
Sucrose and
Bennett are a must-have
if players intend to break their damage record. Currently, Kazuha is also viable to do Sucrose's job. But Sucrose is more accessible as she's a 4-star character.
Aloy
Aloy using her Elemental Burst
Aloy is not yet available for everyone
. This
Horizon: Zero Dawn
protagonist is the first crossover character in Genshin Impact. Aloy is a bow character that can be built in either Physical or Cryo. If players are using main DPS Aloy with a Cryo build, then it's crucial to understand her Elemental Skill.
Aloy scatters Chillwater Bomblets
with her Elemental Skill. These bomblets have to hit the opponent for Aloy to get Cryo infusion. Because it can be ineffective to rely on the enemy's movement, players can opt to use Sucrose instead. Sucrose's Elemental Skill will pull Aloy's bomblets, exploding them on the enemies without any delay. This way, players can ensure their Aloy always get the Cryo infusion
Xingqiu
xingqui during his story quest
Despite being a support character, Xingqiu can also deal decent damage on his Elemental Burst. He doesn't need Sucrose's Crowd Control, but he greatly benefits from Elemental Resistance reduction. Players can get this effect by equipping Sucrose with 4-Viridescent Venerer. This artifact set will reduce the enemy's Elemental Resistance when Sucrose triggers a Swirl reaction.
Klee
Klee finally getting off her detention
Klee is a Pyro Catalyst user. Unlike most Catalyst characters, Klee's attacks are short-ranged, so Crowd Control skills can be a huge help. This is why Sucrose is a very friendly support for Klee. This Anemo character can Crowd Control the enemy while keeping them in Klee's range, unlike Venti that'd lift the enemy up. Furthermore, unlike Venti, Sucrose's skill can also suck Klee's bomb mines, the ones created by Klee's Elemental Skill.
Ayaka
Ayaka during her character demo
Ayaka has one of the most satisfying Charged attacks in the game. Not only does it deal massive damage, but it also affects enemies in an AOE. This means, if the enemies are flocking in one spot, Ayaka can attack them all at the same time.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Team Compositions To Pair With Ayaka
Not only that, but if players are using Ayaka with the 4-Blizzard Strayer artifact, they'll also want the enemies to be Frozen constantly. Sucrose can help do this by spreading Hydro application using the Swirl reaction.
Mona
Mona from Genshin Impact
It's not only Sucrose and Bennett, Mona is also a great addition for record-breaking damage. Her Elemental Burst applies Omen to the enemy, a state that allows any character to deal additional damage to the affected opponent. Putting Sucrose with Mona is another way players can get enough damage to one-shot a boss.
Ganyu
besides dealing massive damage, ganyu enjoys her sleep
There's a meta that revolves around Ganyu in
Genshin Impact
. This meta is called the "Morgana" comp. Basically, it's a permafreeze composition that involves Mona, Ganyu, Diona, and Venti. If players don't have Venti, then Sucrose is a viable alternative to this composition.
Childe (Tartaglia)
Childe sliding on a waterfall during his Genshin impact character demo
Childe is the best character to pair with the three horsemen of thumbnail-worthy damage. With Mona, Bennett, and Sucrose,
Tartaglia can erase enemies using his Elemental Burst
. Furthermore, his Melee state has an underrated AOE. With a Crowd Control character, Childe can effectively and quickly defeat enemies.
Hu Tao
The prankster herself, Hu Tao. what a wink, so cute!
Hu Tao is typically paired with Xingqiu. This is because the combination of the two allows
Hu Tao to constantly create the Vaporize reaction
. Vaporize further amplifies Hu Tao's massive damage, making Xingqiu the best pair for her.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Team Compositions To Pair With Yanfei
With Sucrose, not only will she reduce the enemy's Elemental Resistance, but Sucrose will also buff Hu Tao's Elemental Mastery. Elemental Mastery is a great addition if players are playing with Elemental Reactions.
Xiangling
Xiangling playing with Guoba inside Wangshu Inn Elevator
Xiangling is the Pyro version of Xingqiu. She's an
amazing off-field damage dealer
, with an Elemental Burst that persists even if she's swapped out. However, the best part about Xiangling is actually her snapshot feature. This allows her to maintain any buff she has for the whole duration of her Elemental Burst, the
Pyronado
.
This means, if players buff Xiangling with Sucrose then use Xiangling's Elemental Burst, the buff will remain until the Pyronado ends. Furthermore, Sucrose's skill will also pull Xiangling's Guoba into her AOE, allowing the Panda to precisely hit the enemy.
Genshin Impact
is now available on Mobile, PC, PS4, and PS5. A Switch version is in development.
Strategy Guides
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which recently released Nintendo cozy game do you prefer?
Pokemon Pokopia
Pokemon Pokopia
54.7%
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
45.3%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Crusader Kings 3 & Kingdom Come Deliverance 2 Crossover, Explained
All Sung Jinwoo’s Shadows in Solo Leveling Season 3
PC Gamers Have Until April 28 to Claim 2022 Folk Horror Game for Free and Keep It Forever