This post is up to date with Version 3.3 Phase 2
The
Raiden Shogun
is a 5-Star Electro Polearm character from Inazuma. She can only be obtained via the “Reign of Serenity” Event banner. Primarily, she serves as both a semi-selfish On Field DPS and a support for her team.
Base Kit
For off field DMG, Raiden uses her Elemental Skill,
Transcendence: Baleful Omen
and summons the
Eye of Stormy Judgment
. For every 0.9 seconds, this icon deals coordinated AoE Electro DMG with any of your active character’s Talents. As a bonus, the Eye provides an Elemental Burst DMG Bonus to each party member in your team in proportion to the respective Energy cost of their Burst. Both the coordinated attacks and the Burst DMG Bonus provided by the Eye can have 100% uptime as Raiden’s Skill lasts for 25 seconds, more than double its 10 second cooldown.
While useful for its utilities, the Eye of Stormy Judgment is actually very weak when it comes to offense. At Lv. 13, which requires having Raiden at C5 and using a Crown of Insight, the Eye’s coordinated attack has a multiplier of 89.25%. For context, this is only 0.45% higher than the off field attacks of Fischl’s Elemental Skill
at
Lv. 1. Elemental Reaction DMG can mitigate the low Skill DMG though you’d need a lot of Elemental Mastery for it to truly be worthwhile. Also detrimental is the fact that the Eye’s coordinated attack only procs if the enemy directly takes DMG. Against fully shielded enemies such as Abyss Mages, the Eye is pretty much useless until their Shield breaks. If strong Off Field DPS is what you’re looking for in an Electro character, you are better off considering someone else such as Fischl, Beidou, and Yae Miko.
Raiden fights off field with her Elemental Burst,
Secret Art: Musou Shinsetsu
. This has her drawing out the weapon you actually want her to use,
her booba sword
the
Mussou Isshin
. Upon activation, Raiden performs the
Musou no Hitotachi
, dealing AoE Electro DMG. She is then free to use her sword for 7 seconds. This weapon is infused with Electro and has its own set of basic attacks that count as Burst DMG. When any of her basic attacks hit an enemy, Raiden will regenerate Energy for her team. This refund occurs every 1 second and can be triggered up to 5 times. While under this state, Raiden also gains an increased resistance to interruption and is immune to Electro-Charged DMG and stagger. All of the aforementioned effects disappear immediately if Raiden dies or leaves the field.
Most of Raiden’s Elemental Burst DMG is concentrated in the Musou no Hitotachi. With a multiplier in the hundreds, it makes for a strong nuke. You will need to be close to an enemy for the attack to land but you’d be doing that anyway so that you can hit said enemy with the Mussou Isshin. As for basic attack combos, there’s a lot of technical information out there and there’s no clear answer either. Generally speaking, you want to perform Raiden’s Charged Attack after performing any number of her Normal Attacks (typically 1-3, sometimes 4), resetting the combo with a cancel as you’d usually do. However, given the short duration of the Burst, there’s
very little
room for error so experiment and go with whatever you can efficiently pull off.
While Raiden’s Elemental Burst can be buffed with traditional means, it does possess its own buff called
Resolve
. These are stacks that increase Raiden’s Burst DMG and they are gained when her teammates cast their Bursts. The more Energy spent, the more stacks Raiden gains. Up to 60 stacks can be obtained. While the DMG Bonus gained from Resolve is overkill in most combat, it is a key component to Raiden’s DPS, particularly for boss fights and Spiral Abyss chambers. Given how this mechanic works, you should cast Raiden’s Burst last in a rotation, after everyone else in her team has casted their Bursts and given her Resolve stacks. That’s perfectly fine, given the selfish nature of Raiden’s Burst and the fact that her entire team will need Energy by then.
The Energy Raiden gives to her team is good but I don’t consider it as game breaking. At Lv. 6, one attack will yield you 2.1 Energy, giving you a base total of 10.5. Raiden’s A4 passive can further increase this effect by 0.6% for every 1% above her base 100% Energy Recharge stat. The final amount will vary depending on your build but it should generally be around 20-30. Getting that much flat Energy can lower a character’s Energy needs but it won’t necessarily allow you to forego building Energy Recharge entirely. Even with Raiden on the team, characters with high Energy needs such as Xiangling will still want Energy Recharge and the traditional battery support.
Raiden’s Elemental Burst comes with a staggering cost of 90 Energy, the highest cost currently found in the game. Fortunately, Energy tends to pose little issue for the Shogun. As mentioned earlier, the Mussou Isshin’s basic attacks restore Energy for the whole team and this includes the Electro Archon herself. The Eye of Stormy Judgment’s coordinated attack has a 50% chance to produce one Electro particle every time it ticks. While somewhat of a gamble, it is nevertheless a consistent source of Energy. Raiden gains up to 32% Energy Recharge as she levels up and ascends, giving her a head start in building up that stat. Her A4 passive, the same one that improves her Energy restoration, also gives her 0.4% Electro DMG Bonus for every 1% above her base 100% Energy Recharge. This allows her to comfortably stack Energy Recharge without losing too much on DPS.
There is one minor flaw to note with Raiden’s Elemental Burst is that its basic attacks can coordinate with certain Talents but not others. It can trigger the coordinated attacks of Xingqiu’s Elemental Burst and Fischl’s 6th Constellation. Conversely, it is incapable of coordinating with Beidou’s Burst and the Electro Traveler’s Burst. This is due to Raiden’s Burst being considered Burst DMG and the aforementioned Talents specifically needing Normal Attacks to deal Normal Attack DMG in order to proc. It’s
bullshit
an odd and dumb bit of programming. Frankly, I don’t understand why such distinctions even exist at all. Fortunately, the list of abilities that Raiden’s Burst can’t interact with is a small one and the only one that’s controversial is Beidou’s Burst.
Constellations
C1
– Increases the Resolve Raiden gains from her teammates, 80% for Electro units and 20% for characters of other elements. While not a direct DPS boost, it makes it easier for Raiden to gain maxed Resolve by the time she uses her Elemental Burst in a rotation. It also allows her to more comfortably team up with characters with low Energy costs.
C2
– Raiden’s most famous Constellation, allows her Elemental Burst to ignore 60% of enemy DEF. While a C0 Raiden is fine, I can’t deny how good this Constellation is. It’s a substantial spike to her DPS, especially early on when you’re struggling to get a solid CRIT ratio on her.
C3
– Adds three Levels to Raiden’s Elemental Burst.
C4
– Provides a 30% ATK buff for Raiden’s teammates for 10 seconds after her Elemental Burst expires. While a buff that high isn’t normally something to sleep on, this particular one is a bit situational. Because you ideally want to use Raien’s Burst last in a rotation, this buff only benefits you in the second rotation onwards.
C5
– Adds three Levels to Raiden’s Elemental Skill.
C6
– Allows Raiden to reduce her teammates’ Burst cooldowns by up to 5 seconds when she hits an opponent with the Mussou Isshin. This can somewhat allow for smoother and more efficient rotations. For example, if a teammate’s Burst takes 20 seconds to cool down, Raiden will reduce it down to 15 seconds. This makes it shorter than Raiden’s own Burst cooldown of 18 seconds, therefore guaranteeing that the whole team is ready for the next Rotation. It’s nice but the difference in rotation time is only a couple seconds and considering that it’s the final and most expensive Constellation, I wouldn’t fret over missing out on it.
As is always the case with 5-Star characters, you should only consider going after their Constellations if you have the money to burn. A good stopping point besides C0 and C6 is C2.
Weapons
The following list of weapons begins with Raiden’s 5-Star Signature Weapon, followed by other recommendations in descending rarity and alphabetical order. Stats provided in the parentheses are assuming the respective weapon is at Lv. 90.
Engulfing Lightning (5-Star | 608 ATK | 55.1% Energy Recharge)
– Raiden’s Signature Weapon. The passive increases the wielder’s ATK by a percentage of their Energy Recharge over the base 100%. In addition to having Energy Recharge as its second stat, the Engulfing Lightning gives its wielder even more of the stat for 12 seconds after they cast their Elemental Burst. By having this Polearm, Raiden becomes a lot easier to build. You can now give her a ton of Energy Recharge without losing out on ATK.
Primordial Jade Winged-Spear (5-Star | 674 ATK | 22.1% CRIT Rate)
– Xiao’s Signature Weapon and one of
Genshin
’s standard 5-Star Polearms. The passive increases the wielder’s ATK up to 7 times when they hit an enemy and once every 0.3 seconds. Unfortunately, Raiden will seldom have stacks for her Elemental Burst’s initial slash but she can still take advantage of them for her Burst’s duration. Other than that, the Jade Spear is a solid stat stick for Raiden.
Skyward Spine (5-Star | 674 ATK | 36.8% Energy Recharge)
–
Genshin
’s other standard 5-Star Polearm; provides a bit of CRIT Rate and Normal Attack SPD (the latter of which still works for Raiden’s Elemental Burst). Raiden can’t trigger the weapon’s Vacuum Blade but it’s Physical DMG so you won’t miss it too much.
“The Catch” (4-Star | 510 ATK | 45.9% Energy Recharge)
– F2P-friendly and Raiden’s most popular 4-Star option. It is the only reason you’ll ever play
Genshin
’s godawful fishing minigame. The Polearm’s passive increases Elemental Burst DMG and Burst CRIT Rate, making Raiden’s ult stronger and her CRIT ratio easier to build. If you have Raiden but you don’t have the Engulfing Lightning, “The Catch” automatically goes to her.
Deathmatch (4-Star | 454 ATK | 36.8% CRIT Rate)
– Requires the purchase of the Battle Pass; increases the wielder’s ATK and DEF depending on the number of opponents near them. It’s a solid option for Raiden but you’d be hard pressed to spend the money for it when you can get “The Catch” for free. Deathmatch is also desired by other Polearm DPS units such as Hu Tao and Xiao.
Artifacts
Sets:
Emblem of Severed Fate (4)
– The only set to consider farming for Raiden; gives her 20% Energy Recharge and Elemental Burst DMG Bonus in proportion to 25% of the former stat. Given Raiden’s Burst, this set is perfect for her. A lot of other characters in
Genshin
want Emblem of Severed Fate and this set is farmable alongside Shimenawa’s Reminiscence (another useful set) so any
Genshin
player ought to farm this set in general.
Stats:
Sands:
Energy Recharge or ATK%
Goblet:
ATK% or Electro DMG Goblet
Circlet:
CRIT Rate or CRIT DMG
Sub Stats:
ATK%, CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, Elemental Mastery, Energy Recharge
If you’re using an Energy Recharge Sands, you should consider giving Raiden an ATK% Goblet to balance out her stats. While an Energy Recharge Sands provides comfort, an ATK% Sands as well as an Electro DMG Goblet is technically better for Raiden’s DPS, even with her A4 passive in mind. If you have the Engulfing Lightning equipped on Raiden, go with an Energy Recharge Sands and an Electro DMG Goblet. The weapon should provide you with enough ATK.
For the Circlet, Raiden generally wants CRIT Rate unless her weapon provides some and/or she has enough from sub stats. If she has “The Catch”, the weapon is at R5, and sub stats provide around 48-58% CRIT Rate, you can comfortably use a CRIT DMG Circlet.
Synergy
Raiden makes good use of almost every Electro-related Elemental Reaction. An exception to this Superconduct as it’s for Physical DPS (though there is one very big exception where Raiden could use it. Overloaded may seem risky due to its knockback effect but the Mussou Isshin actually has decent enough range that it can still hit enemies as they get knocked around. While Version 3.0 introduced and made Aggravate the de facto Reaction for Electro DPS, Raiden isn’t necessarily beholden to it because of how high her personal DMG can get. By that same token, Raiden’s high DPS potential means she can be used well in a Mono Electro comp.
Given the Resolve mechanic, Raiden ideally wants teammates with high Energy costs of 70-90 so that she has most, if not all, of the stacks she needs before casting her Elemental Burst. Those would also have high Energy needs and benefit the most from the Burst DMG Bonus provided by Raiden’s Elemental Skill. That said, some characters with mild or low Energy costs are still recommended down below if their utility outweighs the lower number of Resolve stacks they give to Raiden. Since Resolve is important, recommended teammates will also have their Energy cost in addition to their rarity and Element.
Elemental Resonance that directly benefits Yae are Electro (increased particle generation), Pyro (increased ATK), and Dendro (increased Elemental Mastery).
As a disclaimer, the following lists of recommended teammates and example teams is not necessarily a comprehensive one. Also, the example teams may include characters that are not included in the recommendations as they arguably synergize more with someone else on the team and less so with Raiden.
Recommended Teammates:
Bennett (4-Star | Pyro | 60 Energy)
– Unsurprisingly one of the best supports for Raiden; provides an ATK buff, Energy, and healing. The sheer versatility of Bennett’s kit outweighs the mild amount of Resolve stacks his Elemental Burst provides.
Eula (5-Star | Cryo | 80 Energy)
– Eula is an interesting partner for Raiden (not like that) in that the two are both On Field DPS characters but they’re only greedy for a little bit of field time due to the nature of their Elemental Bursts. You can therefore alternate between the two in rotation with Raiden supplying Eula with some much-needed Energy and Eula supplying Raiden with a lot of Resolve stacks. Raiden’s Elemental Skill is also great for Superconduct. While this pairing does work, it is worth noting that Raiden doesn’t gain much besides Resolve stacks and maybe an ATK buff from Eula’s other go-to teammates. She also has to contend with Superconduct or bank really hard on her personal DMG when she assumes the field.
Jean (5-Star | Anemo | 80 Energy)
– Provides healing and can wield Viridescent Venerer (4) to debuff enemy Electro RES. Between Raiden’s Energy refund and Jean’s, the latter’s Energy needs are extremely low (non-existent if you have the right weapon equipped on Jean). At C2, Jeancan buff her team’s ATK SPD by 15% and for 15 seconds when she picks up an Energy particle. While good on anyone, it’s especially valuable for Raiden given her short Elemental Burst duration.
Kujou Sara (4-Star | Electro | 80 Energy)
– A dedicated buffer for Electro characters, especially when she reaches. One of Sara’s biggest flaws is how brief her ATK buff is. However, in Raiden’s case, this lines up fairly well with the Archon’s Elemental Burst duration. At C6, Sara can buff Electro CRIT DMG which can be invaluable if you’re struggling to get a solid CRIT ratio on Raiden. While Sara’s Skill and Burst provide the same buff, you want to make sure Sara can cast her Burst every rotation so that she gives Resolve stacks to her
waifu
Archon.
Lisa (4-Star | Electro | 80 Energy)
– A surprisingly great support for Raiden due to her DEF debuff, potential use of Noblesse Oblige (4), and high Resolve stack generation. Pairing Raiden with Lisa will also mitigate some of the latter’s high Energy needs.
Nahida (5-Star | Dendro | 50 Energy)
– Currently the best Dendro Off Field unit in the game. Nahida’s Elemental Skill combined with Raiden’s has extremely good range and the combo also has almost no issue with triggering Spread/Aggravate. That all said, Nahida has little need for Raiden’s Energy refund and she gives her fellow Archon a fairly low amount of Resolve stacks.
Sangonomiya Kokomi (5-Star | Hydro | 70 Energy)
– Provides some of the most potent healing in the game and can wield both Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers and Tenacity of the Millelith (4) to buff her teammates, including Raiden. That said, if you’re not using Kokomi as a driver, she’ll seldom provide Raiden with Resolve stacks.
Sucrose (4-Star | Aenmo | 80 Energy)
– Provides crowd control and Elemental Mastery buffs with her Ascension passives. Like with Jean, Sucrose can wield Viridescent Venerer (4) to debuff enemy Electro RES.
Traveler (Dendro) (5-Star | Dendro | 80 Energy)
– Your F2P alternative to Nahida and a pretty respectable Sub DPS in their own right. The Traveler is also better than Nahida at supplying Resolve stacks.
Yae Miko (5-Star | Electro | 90 Energy)
– EiMiko ship aside, Raiden and Yae work very well together. The flat Energy and Electro particles that Raiden provides with her Talents is invaluable to Yae. Pairing these two together is also the one time where Yae’s high Energy cost works in your favor as it’ll give Raiden the most amount of Resolve Stacks needed to stack her Elemental Burst DMG Bonus. All this said, Yae doesn’t support Raiden all that much apart from providing Resolve stacks. Yae also skews heavily towards Catalyze comps.
Xiangling (4-Star | Pyro | 80 Energy)
– The best and only Pyro Off Field DPS worth using. Xiangling still requires Bennett and Energy Recharge to address her Energy needs though the flat Energy Raiden can give her is still appreciated. The only real issue with Xiangling is that she competes with Raiden for “The Catch”.
Xingqiu (4-Star | Hydro | 80 Energy)
– One of the best units to use for Hydro related Reactions due to his Burst coordinating with Normal Attacks. Additionally, Xingqiu provides Raiden with other utilities such as DMG Reduction, healing, and an increased resistance to interruption. The latter combined with Raiden’s own resistance effect makes her very difficult to stagger.
Yelan (5-Star | Hydro | 70 Energy)
– A more premier alternative to Xingqiu. Yelan lacks the same supportive buffs that Xingqiu offers but her Burst being functionally the same as Xingqiu’s makes her worth considering if Xingqiu is in a different team during Spiral Abyss. Yelan also buffs her team’s DMG with her A4 passive.
Example Teams
:
Raiden Shogun
Xiangling
Xingqiu
Bennett
Colloquially referred to as
Raiden Naitonal
. This is both Raiden’s most F2P-friendly team and one of the most popular teams used by
Genshin
players.
Raiden Shogun
Kujou Sara
Sucrose
Bennett
Raiden Shogun
Yae Miko
Nahida
Jean
Closing Words
The Raiden Shogun is one of
Genshin Impact
‘s best playable characters. Her kit does have a few questionable quirks, namely her Elemental Skill’s inability to damage shields and her Elemental Burst’s inconsistent chemistry with other characters’ abilities. All of these are outweighed by the sheer strength Raiden has with her Burst and the utilities she offers to her team. If you’re looking for a powerful Electro character, Raiden most certainly fits the bill.
This post was originally published on September 5, 2021
Read my other
Genshin Impact
posts
Share this:
Email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Email
Share on Bluesky (Opens in new window)
Bluesky
Share on X (Opens in new window)
X
Share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Facebook
Share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Reddit
Share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
Pinterest
Share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
Tumblr
Like
Loading...
Related