Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Raiden Shogun materials, kit, and Constellations
Ascension and Talent materials for Raiden Shogun.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Guide
by
Jessica Orr
Senior Guides Writer
Published on
April 26, 2025
Follow Genshin Impact
Raiden Shogun
is a 5-Star Electro character who debuted in
Genshin Impact
during version 2.1.
While Raiden Shogun is featured as the boosted 5-Star character on her Reign of Serenity Banner in
version 5.6
, she will eventually return to
Genshin Impact
at some point in the future when the
Banner schedule
cycles back to her.
If you want to prepare for her, we've listed
Raiden Shogun's Ascension materials
and
Talent materials
so you can level her up to her full potential right away. To understand how you might play her, we've also detailed
Raiden Shogun's kit
and
Constellations
.
On this page:
Raiden Shogun's kit
Raiden Shogun Ascension materials
Raiden Shogun Talent materials
Raiden Shogun Constellations
To see this content please enable targeting cookies.
Manage cookie settings
Raiden Shogun kit
Raiden Shogun is a
5-Star Electro character who uses a polearm
, and keeping in mind that all of the percentages mentioned below are based on Level 1 Skills, here's a summary of
Raiden Shogun's kit in Genshin Impact
:
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Element
: Electro.
Rarity
: 5-Star.
Weapon
: Polearm.
Normal Attack
: Origin.
Elemental Skill
: Transcendence: Baleful Omen.
Elemental Burst
: Secret Art: Musou Shinsetsu.
Passive one
: Wishes Unnumbered - When nearby party members gain Elemental Orbs or Particles, Chakra Desiderata gains two Resolve stacks.
This effect can occur once every three seconds.
Passive two
: Enlightened One - Each 1% above 100% Energy Recharge that Raiden Shogun possesses grants her 0.6% greater Energy restoration from Musou Isshin and a 0.4% Electro Damage Bonus.
Passive three
: All-Preserver - Mora expended when ascending Swords and Polearms is decreased by 50%.
Raiden Shogun Normal Attack - Origin
Raiden Shogun performs up to five consecutive spear strikes if tapping the normal attack button. Holding it down instead makes Raiden consume a certain amount of stamina to perform an upward slash.
As with most plunging attacks, Raiden plunges from mid-air and strikes the ground below for AOE (area of effect) damage on impact.
Raiden Shogun Elemental Skill - Transcendence: Baleful Omen
Raiden Shogun hurls a Lightning Stiletto that annihilates her opponents like the swift thunder.
When the Stiletto hits its target, it deals Electro Damage to opponents in a small AOE, and places a Stiletto Mark on the spot hit.
Raiden also unveils a shard of her Euthymia, dealing Electro Damage to nearby opponents, and granting nearby party members the Eye of Stormy Judgment.
Eye of Stormy Judgment
Eye of Stormy Judgment has the following effects:
When characters with this buff attack and deal damage to opponents, the Eye will unleash a coordinated attack, dealing AOE Electro Damage at the opponent's position.
Characters who gain the Eye of Stormy Judgment will have their Elemental Burst Damage increased based on the Energy Cost of the Elemental Burst during the Eye's duration.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Raiden Shogun Elemental Burst - Secret Art: Musou Shinsetsu
Raiden Shogun unleashes the Musou no Hitotachi and deals AOE Electro Damage, using Musou Isshin in combat for a certain duration afterward. The damage dealt by Musou no Hitotachi and Musou Isshin's attacks will be increased based on the number of Chakra Desiderata's Resolve stacks consumed when this skill is used.
Musou Isshin
While in this state, Raiden Shogun will wield her tachi in battle, while her normal, charged, and plunging attacks will be infused with Electro Damage, which cannot be overridden. When such attacks hit opponents, she will regenerate Energy for all nearby party members. Energy can be restored this way once every second, and this effect can be triggered five times throughout this skill's duration.
While in this state, Raiden's resistance to interruption is increased, and she is immune to Electro-Charged reaction damage. Also, while Musou Isshin is active, Raiden Shogun's normal, charged, and plunging attack damage will be considered Elemental Burst Damage.
The effects of Musou Isshin will be cleared when Raiden Shogun leaves the field.
Chakra Desiderata
When nearby party members (excluding Raiden Shogun herself) use their Elemental Bursts, Raiden will build up Resolve stacks based on the Energy Cost of these Elemental Bursts. The maximum number of Resolve stacks is 60, and the Resolve gained by Chakra Desiderata will be cleared 300 seconds after Raiden leaves the field.
Raiden Shogun Talent materials
Molten Moment. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
To get the most out of using Raiden Shogun, you will have to level her skills up by using Talent materials, which vary from character-to-character.
For Raiden, you'll need to farm a lot of Handguard and Light materials (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade her capabilities.
As Raiden has three Talents, you will have to spend three times the Talent materials listed below to fully upgrade all of her abilities, which we've also detailed below the table.
Here's what Raiden Shogun Talent materials you need to improve one of her abilities:
Raiden Shogun Talent level
Raiden Shogun Talent materials
Mora cost
Level 2
x3 Teachings of Light, x6 Old Handguard
12,500
Level 3
x2 Guide to Light, x3 Kageuchi Handguard
17,500
Level 4
x4 Guide to Light, x4 Kageuchi Handguard
25,000
Level 5
x6 Guide to Light, x6 Kageuchi Handguard
30,000
Level 6
x9 Guide to Light, x9 Kageuchi Handguard
37,500
Level 7
x4 Philosophies of Light, x4 Famed Handguard, x1 Molten Moment
120,000
Level 8
x6 Philosophies of Light, x6 Famed Handguard, x1 Molten Moment
260,000
Level 9
x12 Philosophies of Light, x9 Famed Handguard, x2 Molten Moment
450,000
Level 10
x16 Philosophies of Light, x12 Famed Handguard, x2 Molten Moment, x1 Crown of Insight
700,000
Here's what Talent Materials you'll need to fully upgrade
one
of Raiden Shogun's skills:
x1 Crown of Insight
x3 Teachings of Light
x6 Old Handguard
x6 Molten Moment
x21 Guide to Light
x22 Kageuchi Handguard
x31 Famed Handguard
x38 Philosophies of Light
1,652,500 Mora
To upgrade all
three
of Raiden Shogun's skills, here's all the Talent Materials you'll need:
x3 Crown of Insight
x9 Teachings of Light
x18 Old Handguard
x18 Molten Moment
x63 Guide to Light
x66 Kageuchi Handguard
x93 Famed Handguard
x114 Philosophies of Light
4,957,500 Mora
Version 6.4 Phase 2 sees the returning 5-Star
Skirk
and a rerun of
Escoffier
. 

So don't forget to redeem
new codes
for
Primogems
to help pull them, and check out our regularly updated
tier list
.

You need luck from the
Pity and 50/50 systems
to
Wish with Fate
for characters on
Banners
, and you always need the right
Adventure Rank
for events.

Elsewhere, we have
tips and tricks for beginners
.
Raiden Shogun Ascension materials
Amakumo Fruit. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Just like Talents, you need to use Raiden Shogun Ascension materials to upgrade her health, attack, defence, and critical hit effectiveness.
You'll need to farm a lot of Amakumo Fruit and Nectar materials for Raiden Shogun (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade her capabilities.
Unlike Talent materials, you only need to spend the below Ascension materials once to fully raise Raiden Shogun to her highest character level. There is also Acquaint Fate rewarded for reaching certain Ascension levels. You can spend this Fate on the
standard and beginner Banners
to Wish for characters and weapons.
Here's what Raiden Shogun Ascension materials and Mora you need to upgrade her for each Ascension level:
Raiden Shogun Ascension level
Raiden Shogun Ascension materials
Mora cost
Ascension reward
Level 20
x1 Vajrada Amethyst Sliver, x3 Amakumo Fruit, x3 Old Handguard
20,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 40
x3 Vajrada Amethyst Fragment, x2 Storm Beads, x10 Amakumo Fruit, x15 Old Handguard
40,000
None
Level 50
x6 Vajrada Amethyst Fragment, x4 Storm Beads, x20 Amakumo Fruit, x12 Kageuchi Handguard
60,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 60
x3 Vajrada Amethyst Chunk, x8 Storm Beads, x30 Amakumo Fruit, x18 Kageuchi Handguard
80,000
None
Level 70
x6 Vajrada Amethyst Chunk, x12 Storm Beads, x45 Amakumo Fruit, x12 Famed Handguard
100,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 80
x6 Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone, x20 Storm Beads, x60 Amakumo Fruit, x24 Famed Handguard
120,000
None
In total, here's
all the Ascension Materials
you need for Raiden Shogun in Genshin Impact:
x1 Vajrada Amethyst Sliver
x6 Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone
x9 Vajrada Amethyst Fragment
x9 Vajrada Amethyst Chunk
x18 Old Handguard
x30 Kageuchi Handguard
x36 Famed Handguard
x46 Storm Beads
x168 Amakumo Fruit
420,000 Mora
Raiden Shogun Constellations
By getting duplicates of Raiden Shogun from wishing on her Banner, you will receive her Stella Fortuna. This material allows you to unlock Constellation levels, with each upgrade either improving an existing Talent or Passive ability.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Here are all of
Raiden Shogun's Constellations in Genshin Impact
:
Ominous Inscription (C1)
: Chakra Desiderata will gather Resolve even faster. When Electro characters use their Elemental Bursts, the Resolve gained is increased by 80%. When characters of other Elemental Types use their Elemental Bursts, the Resolve gained is increased by 20%.
Steelbreaker (C2)
: While using Musou no Hitotachi and in the Musou Isshin state applied by her Burst, the Raiden Shogun's attacks ignore 60% of opponents' defense.
Shinkage Bygones (C3)
: Increases the Level of Raiden Shogun's Elemental Burst by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Pledge of Propriety (C4)
: When the Musou Isshin state applied by her Burst expires, all nearby party members (excluding Raiden Shogun) gain 30% bonus attack for 10 seconds.
Shogun's Descent (C5)
:  Increases the Level of Raiden Shogun's Elemental Skill by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Wishbearer (C6)
: While in the Musou Isshin state applied by her Burst, attacks by Raiden Shogun that are considered part of her Elemental Burst will decrease all nearby party members' (not including Raiden herself) Elemental Burst Cooldown by one second when they hit opponents. This effect can trigger once every second and can trigger a total of five times during Musou Isshin's duration.
Good luck levelling up Raiden Shogun in Genshin Impact!