Raiden Shogun
is a playable
Electro
character in
Genshin Impact
. She is the Electro archon hailing from Inazuma and is the vessel of
Baal
. Her real name is supposedly
Ei
, as during the
2.1 trailer
Yae referred to her as Ei while talking to the traveler. In this guide, we will tell you everything about Raiden Shogun in Genshin Impact and her talents, passive skills, best weapons, and artifacts along with the ascension materials required.
so yae called Raiden as "Ei" in the trailer, what are y'all theories about this? could this be raiden's real name? 🤔
pic.twitter.com/dVBgNFSwtQ
— daily raiden ei (@raidendaily)
August 20, 2021
Raiden Shogun: Playstyle and skillset of the character
She is the leader of the
Shogunate
, also known as the
Inazuma
Bakufu
. Raiden Shogun is a
5 Star Polearm
wielding character. Her constellation is
Imperatrix
Umbrosa
.
Name
Type
Origin
–
Normal Attack:
Perform upto 5 successive strikes.
– Charged Attack
: Consumes stamina to perform an upward dash.
–
Plunging Attack:
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE Damage upon impact.
Normal Attack
–
Transcendence
:
Baleful Omen
The Raiden Shogun unveils a shard of her Euthymia, dealing Electro DMG to nearby opponents, and granting nearby party members the Eye of Stormy Judgment.
– Eye of Stormy Judgement
When characters with this buff attack and deal damage to opponents, the Eye will unleash a coordinated attack, dealing AoE Electro DMG at the opponent’s position.
Characters who gain the Eye of Stormy Judgment will have their Elemental Burst DMG increased based on the Energy Cost of the Elemental Burst during the Eye’s duration.
Elemental Skill
– Secret Art: Musou Shinsetsu
Gathering truths unnumbered and wishes uncounted, the Raiden Shogun unleashes the Musou no Hitotachi and deals AoE Electro DMG, using Musou Isshin in combat for a certain duration afterwards. The DMG dealt by Musou no Hitotachi and Musou Isshin’s attacks will be increased based on the number of Chakra Desiderata’s Resolve stacks consumed when this skill is used.
– Musou Ishin
While in this state, the Raiden Shogun will wield her Tachi in battle, while her Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attacks will be infused with Electro DMG, which cannot be overridden. When such attacks hit opponents, she will regenerate Energy for all nearby party members. Energy can be restored this way once every 1s, and this effect can be triggered 5 times throughout this skill’s duration. While in this state, the Raiden Shogun’s resistance to the interruption is increased, and she is immune to Electro-Charged reaction DMG.
–
Chakra Desiderata
When nearby party members (excluding the Raiden Shogun herself) use their Elemental Bursts, the Raiden Shogun will build up Resolve stacks based on the Energy Cost of these Elemental Bursts. The maximum number of Resolve stacks is 60. The Resolve gained by Chakra Desiderata will be cleared 300s after the Raiden Shogun leaves the field.
Elemental Burst
Raiden Shogun’s Passive
Raiden Shogun
Wishes Unnumbered:
For the first passive Baal gains 2 resolve stacks when nearby party members gain elemental orbs or particles. This effect occurs once every 3 seconds.
Enlightened One
: Every 0.1 energy above 100 Energy Recharge converts to :
– 0.6% greater energy restoration from Mosuo Ishin.
– 0.4% electro damage bonus.
All-Preserver
: Mora expended when ascending Swords and Polearms is decreased by 50%.
Best Builds for Raiden Shogun
Raiden Shogun is a versatile character and can take up various roles like
main DPS, hypercarry and on-field battery/support.
Talent Priority
Burst > Skill > Normal Attack
Best Team Comps
Raiden Shogun/Baal pairs with other electro characters particularly Beidou and Kujou Sara but she doesn’t need electro resonance to reach her peak potential therefore she can be used with other characters as well. Her ability to generate energy for her teammates makes her a good companion for energy-hungry characters like Eula. Raiden synergizes with Anemo characters using 4 pc Viridescent Venerer as they shred resistance increasing Raiden’s damage potential.
Examples of two good team comps are:
Raiden Shogun, Kujou Sara, Kazuha/Venti/Sucrose, Bennett.
Raiden Shogun, Xingqiu, Xiangling, Jean.
Sets to farm for Raiden Shogun in Genshin Impact
The artifact combinations from the best to worst are as follows :
4 pc Emblem of Severed Fate
2 pc Emblem of Severed Fate + 2 pc Noblesse
2 pc Thundering Fury  + 2 pc Noblesse
Undoubtedly the best artifact set for Raiden Shogun is the emblem of Severed Fate. Using the 4 piece has two bonuses- the first is from the 2 piece set which provides 20 percent energy recharge and the 4 piece increases elemental burst damage by 25% of energy recharge. Raiden Shogun is able to use these buffs in synergy with her passive talent “Enlightened One”.
The next best combination is the 2-piece emblem of Severed Fate and the 2-piece Noblesse, as she does most of her damage with her elemental burst.
If players are able to obtain energy recharge from the artifact substats then 2 piece Thundering Fury paired with 2 pc Noblesse can also be a good fit for the Electro Archon.
Main Stat
: Electro Damage Bonus, Crit Rate, Energy Recharge, Attack Percent.
One area of confusion players may have is what sands to use, energy recharge, or atk percent. This comes down to the substats the players have along with the team compositions. If players have an attack buffer like Bennet or Kujou Sara in the team, Energy Recharge will provide more value otherwise atk percent is a better choice. Also if players already have accumulated atk from substats, Energy Recharge should be preferred.
Substat Priority : Energy Recharge > Crit Rate,Crit Damage > Attack Percent > Elemental Mastery > HP, DEF.
For optimal results aim for Crit Rate to Crit Damage ratio of
1:2.
Materials required for the ascension of Raiden Shogun
In this Genshin Impact Raiden Shogun Guide, we will look at the materials required for the Ascension of Raiden Shogun from
level 1 to level 90.
1x
Vajrada Amethyst Sliver
3x
Vajrada Amethyst Fragment
6x
Vajrada Amethyst Fragment
9x
Vajrada Amethyst Chunk
6x
Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone
168x
Amakumo Fruit
46x
Storm Beads
18x
Old Handguards
30x
Kageuchi Handguards
36x
Famed Handguards
420,000x
Mora
Materials required for the ascension of Raiden Shogun
Talent upgrade materials
3x
Teachings of Light
6x
Old Handguards
21x
Guides to Light
22x
Kageuchi Handguards
38x
Philosophies of Light
31x
Famed Handguards
6x
Molten Moment
1x
Crown of Insight
1,652,500x
Mora
Teachings of Light, Guides to Light, and Philosophies of Light are obtainable from the domain Violet Court on Wednesday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Best Weapons for Raiden Shogun in Genshin Impact
Raiden Shogun’s best in-slot weapon is her signature weapon
Engulfing Lightning
followed by
Staff of Homa
and
Skyward
Spine
.
For the 4 stars, the best weapon is
Wavebreakers Fins
with
The Catch
being a close second.
Favonius
Lance
provides energy recharge and its passive is also a good fit for Raiden Shogun, making it also a good choice.
Blackcliff Pole
, available in Paimon’s Bargain, can also be a good weapon but its stack are hard to trigger.
Deathmatch
at high refinements also provides good value.
Special Dish
Raiden Shogun is not able to cook and hence does not have any special dish.
Related – Genshin Impact Xiao Guide: Best weapons, artifacts, materials required for ascension
What are your thoughts on this Genshin Impact
Raiden Shogun
Guide? Let us know in the
comments
below.
For more Mobile Gaming news and updates, join our
WhatsApp group
,
Telegram Group
,
or
Discord server
. Also, follow us on
Google News
,
Instagram
, and
Twitter
for quick updates.
Tags
Gacha Games
Genshin Impact