Raiden Shogun is a 5-star Electro character in Genshin Impact that was released in September 2021. She is also referred to as Her Eternal Excellency. The name of the banner associated with Raiden’s release is Reign of Serenity. This is an event banner and thus Raiden can be obtained only when this banner is active. In this post, you will learn how to build the Genshin Impact Raiden team from the characters that you own. In addition, you will see the most popular builds for Raiden.
Before we start note that this post is not a build guide for Raiden and doesn’t contain all information about her. You can expect only Raiden team comps focus. That will help you understand how to make a good team for Genshin Impact Raiden even with the characters that you have. Of course, we include Genshin free-to-play comps for Raiden as well. If you need more information you can read the guide by the link below.
Genshin Impact Raiden Build and Best Team Comp
Also, we have other useful guides about all Genshin Impact characters that you might find interesting and useful. You can see the link below.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
Genshin Impact Characters Tier List
Raiden Talents
What is the most important when you make a team comp in Genshin Impact is to remember that your characters must work together. Their talents need to assist each other and only via reactions. Some characters have talents that will change the whole impression about them when you see their talents.
Like any other character, Raiden has two types of talents – active and passive. The whole description of Raiden skills (talents)
you can read via the link
. In this post, we focus on the basic strategies and will explain what Raiden talents are worth paying attention to. Let’s start with talent priority for Raiden.
Talent Priority for Raiden
Secret Art: Musou Shinsetsu
>
Transcendence: Baleful Omen >
Origin
Secret Art: Musou Shinsetsu
is Raiden’s Elemental Burst
. It deals
AoE Electro DMG
. The DMG dealt by Musou no Hitotachi and Musou Isshin’s attacks will be increased based on the number of Chakra Desiderata’s Resolve stacks consumed when this skill is used.
Transcendence: Baleful Omen is Raiden’s Elemental Skill
. The Raiden Shogun unveils a shard of her Euthymia, dealing
Electro DMG
to nearby opponents, and granting nearby party members the Eye of Stormy Judgment.
Eye of Stormy Judgment
When characters with this buff attack and deal DMG to opponents, the Eye will unleash a coordinated attack, dealing
AoE Electro DMG
at the opponent’s position.
Characters who gain the Eye of Stormy Judgment will have their Elemental Burst DMG increased based on the Energy Cost of the Elemental Burst during the Eye’s duration.
The Eye can initiate one coordinated attack every 0.9s per party.
Coordinated attacks generated by characters not controlled by you deal 20% of the normal DMG.
Origin
is Raiden’s Normal Attack
. Nothing special. The normal attack works as at any other character with a spear. When you quickly press normal attack you will see 5 different move sets. Charged attack with consume stamina and dash forward piercing small enemies on the way. There is also a plunging attack that can be used for mid-height that deals AoE damage on landing.
Raiden Ascension Passives
The other important thing is to know how exactly character ascension enhances them and what advantages you can get out of it for your team-building strategy. We what to attract your attention to the following Raiden Ascension Passives.
Wishes Unnumbered
1st Ascension Passive
When nearby party members gain Elemental Orbs or Particles, Chakra Desiderata gains 2 Resolve stacks.
This effect can occur once every 3s.
Enlightened One
4th Ascension Passive
Each 1% above 100% Energy Recharge that the Raiden Shogun possesses grants her:
0.6% greater Energy restoration from Musou Isshin
0.4% Electro DMG Bonus.
This also means that Raiden is a great SUB-DPSs.
Depending on what we have written above we will continue with character combinations that will suit Genshin Impact Raiden team the most.
As for the constellations
. Raiden has very useful upgrade on level 2 when the Raiden Shogun’s attacks ignore 60% of opponents’ DEF. If you can get that constellation that is a great plus. On level 4 Raiden gets more attack damage which is useful as well.
Genshin Impact Raiden Team Comp Options
There are several roles that all characters obtain in Genshin Impact. Your perfect team would consist of the Main DPS, 2 SUB-DPS characters and one Support. Main DPS is occupied by a character that can deal a decent amount of damage from all sources, auto attacks, elemental reactions and elemental bursts. Sub DPSs are needed to activate reactions that boost the main DPS’ damage or deal some extra damage while the main DPS is sticking their elemental burst. Support can vary typically it is a healer/shielder, but in some cases, it can be a battery (the character that stacks elemental burst for the team) or a spreader (the character that can spread reactions activated by all the characters).
Raiden is a SUB-DPS character that has good damage herself but her main focus is to make other Cryo characters stronger. Below you can see some options for different Genshin Impact Raiden team comps that we find decent. But let’s start from the Genshin Impact free to play Raiden team comp.
Genshin Impact FREE TO PLAY Raiden team
This team even though it is free to play can be very useful. The combinations that you have here are great and very effective. You can deal decent damage with Kaeya but he would be Physical damage oriented. Xiangling will activate powerful Elemental reaction Overloaded. And Barbara will provide heal and another powerful reaction Electro-Charged. But also such team has freeze and can be very effective.
If you prefer ranged characters you can change Xiangling for Amber, but she is not that good.
The BEST Raiden team
Raiden or so-called vessel of Baal can provide the team with decent energy with her Elemental burst. In addition, it has consistent Electro Status which gives strong DPS support to characters like Eula because of her high Elemental burst damage. By the way, Eula is the best option for main DPS with Raiden (Baal) as together they deal a lot of damage via Superconduct. So Raiden Shogun is a great sub DPS with burst damage and electro elemental spread. Kazuha will help them to gather enemies before the fight and increase damage from elements. While Diona provides the team with shields and heal. Eula and Diona together activate Cryo Resonance that gives extra Crit Rate.
Premium Genshin Impact Raiden team
Here you will see Ayaka as main DPS dealing increased Cryo damage boosted by Raiden. Also, Ayaka will have increased Physical damage which is important for all melee characters. Kazuha can assist the team by grouping enemies together, applying crowd control, spread elemental attachment, provide DMG buff to teammates. Kokomi is a healer that also provides Hydro for freeze reaction.
In the Premium team for Raiden you can also change Ayaka for any of the characters from below:
If you prefer other reactions you can take Yoimiya instead of Kazuha. In case you don’t have Kazuha but obtain Venti, you can take him as well.
Other notable Raiden teams
We’ve mentioned many times that Raiden is great for Cryo characters. That will do of course, but you will need someone to get them back together and provide healing. There’s where you need Jean. Or you can make it a full cryo team and add Qiqi to the team. She will heal and increase cryo damage too.
In addition to the huge damage that Ganyu will deal thanks to Raiden, you will see Venti as enemies gathered and Mona damage booster.
Extra characters that will work well with Raiden: (NOT A TEAM)
They are good in some comps depending on your playstyle. Yae Miko is good if you want to focus mainly on damage from the hand. Shenhe is useful if you have another Cryo character. Xingqiu is one of the best supports that will provide freeze option and additional healing. You can see more options to play effectively with Baal in the post below.
Top Genshin Impact Characters to Play with Raiden Shogun
How to make personal Genshin Impact Raiden team?
If none of the listed above you don’t like or you don’t have some characters mentioned in Raiden teams you can really on the following tips.
Take a strong main DPS that benefits from constant Electro element. It can be Cryo character.
Think of adding Hydro and/or Pyro characters to your team to get more damage from reactions.
Take a character that can group enemies together.
Keeping these tips in mind you will definitely find your way to play Raiden. And don’t forget to share it with us!
Mariia R.
Since early childhood, I was fond of gaming. I played Doom 2, Red Alert 2 and, of course, The Sims. I grew up but my passion didn’t go away. So now I am writing about the stuff I love the most: video games!
Follow my
YouTube
and
Twitch
of course
Post Views:
8,156
Please share it with your friends
Tags:
Genshin Impact
Post navigation
Previous
League of Legends Katarina Build Guide
Next
League of Legends Kennen Build Guide