No matter which character you pick in Genshin Impact, you must build them with the best weapon, artifacts, and team composition to get the most out of them. Freminet is the latest 4-star playable character that will get added to the
Genshin Impact 4.0 update
with the release of the
Fontaine
region.
He has a Cryo vision, and you can have a look at him in the “Overture Teaser: The Final Feast” along with other characters coming along with him. If you manage to pull Freminet from his banner, you can have a look at his best build and team composition below.
Best Freminet Build in Genshin Impact
Best Freminet Build & Team in Genshin Impact. (Picture: HoYoverse)
HoYoverse has revealed the details about Freminet and
based on his abilities
, he is best suited for the Sub-DPS role in the party, and here are the best weapon and artifacts you can use to build him.
Best Weapon
Beacon of the Reed Sea will be the best suited claymore for him; however, if you can’t get your hands on it, you can also go with Song of Broken Pines.
Beacon of the Reed Sea (Level 1)
After the character’s Elemental Skill hits an opponent, their ATK will be increased by 20% for 8s. After the character takes DMG, their ATK will be increased by 20% for 8s. The 2 aforementioned effects can be triggered even when the character is not on the field. Additionally, when not protected by a shield, the character’s Max HP will be increased by 32%.
Song of Broken Pines (Level 1)
A part of the “Millennial Movement” that wanders amidst the winds. Increases ATK by 16%, and when Normal or Charged Attacks hit opponents, the character gains a Sigil of Whispers. This effect can be triggered once every 0.3s. When you possess 4 Sigils of Whispers, all of them will be consumed and all nearby party members will obtain the “Millennial Movement: Banner-Hymn” effect for 12s.
“Millennial Movement: Banner-Hymn” increases Normal ATK SPD by 12% and increases ATK by 20%. Once this effect is triggered, you will not gain Sigils of Whispers for 20s. Of the many effects of the “Millennial Movement,” buffs of the same type will not stack.
Best Artifact Set
Vourukasha’s Glow (4-piece) is the best artifact set for Freminet, but if you don’t have it, you can go with Blizzard Strayer (4-piece).
Vourukasha’s Glow
2-Piece Bonus:
HP +20%
4-Piece Bonus:
Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst DMG will be increased by 10%. After the equipping character takes DMG, the aforementioned DMG Bonus is increased by 80% for 5s. This effect increase can have 5 stacks. The duration of each stack is counted independently. These effects can be triggered even when the equipping character is not on the field.
Blizzard Strayer
2-Piece Bonus:
Cryo DMG Bonus +15%
4-Piece:
When a character attacks an enemy affected by Cryo, their CRIT Rate is increased by 20%. If the enemy is Frozen, CRIT Rate is increased by an additional 20%.
Freminet is a 4-star character in Genshin Impact. (Picture: HoYoverse)
Best Freminet Team Composition in Genshin Impact
In order to get the most out of Freminet, we recommend you include Hydro, Electro, and Pyro characters in the team to trigger elemental reactions that will increase the damage and its duration.
As an Electro character, you can either pick
Raiden Shogun
,
Yae Miko
, or
Fischl
and to fill up the space of a Hydro character,
Kokomi
or Ayato will be great choices. At last, you can choose
Xiangling
,
Lyney
, or
Hu Tao
as your Pyro character in the team.
Thus, the best team composition for Freminet in Genshin Impact will be Raiden Shogun/Yae Miko/Fischl, Kokomi/Ayato, and  Xiangling/Lyney/Hu Tao.