Fontaine has been out in Genshin Impact 4.0 for a while now and players have had enough time to test out the new characters- their builds and synergies. The two latest characters in the first phase of Fontaine 4.0 are the two magicians
Lyney
and
Lynette
. They first appeared in the teaser for all the Nations as Fontaine’s characters in the very beginning of the game’s release. Now they’re finally here. In this guide, we’ll tell you the best team compositions for both the new characters.
Contents
Team Compositions for the Magical Duo in Genshin Impact 4.0
Lyney
Lynette
Team Compositions for the Magical Duo in Genshin Impact 4.0
Lyney is a 5-star Pyro Bow Charged Attack DPS and Lynette is a versatile 4-star Anemo Sword support. Lyney is a special child as there are specific teams he shines in but Lynette, like her character, is a versatile unit that can fit into most teams that need Anemo support. We’ve already made guides on
Lyney’s kit
and
Lynette’s kit
before. Read on as we discuss their ideal team compositions.
Lyney
He’s the first dedicated mono-Pyro DPS in the game. As such Lyney shines in mono-Pyro teams- but they don’t all have to be Pyro units. In fact, it’s preferable to have only 2-3 Pyro units while the 4th unit is a flex slot. Lyney’s best support is Bennett as his kit and best artifacts best synergise with Bennett’s healing and ATK boost.
With 2 Pyro units you already also get the Pyro Resonance which gives you more ATK%. Your next 2 slots are flex slots. The best Pyro teammates left for Lyney are Xiangling for her damage, Yanfei for her C4 shield and surprisingly Dehya due to her interruption resistance off-field damage.
As for the 4th slot, it’s preferable you use a shielder like Zhongli, Kirara or even a healer like Baizhu. You don’t want someone who will interfere with the Pyro aura on enemies. Since Dendro units can keep up the Pyro aura with the Burning reaction, they’re also acceptable options in general.
Additionally, you can also use Anemo units as another flex unit instead of triple-Pyro. Units like Kazuha or Sucrose will greatly improve your damage and will also help group up enemies. Units like Venti, Heizou or even Lynette are good options if you don’t have Kazuha or Sucrose.
Lyney’s best teammates are thus as follows:
Bennett
Zhongli
Kirara
Kazuha
Sucrose
Xiangling
Lynette
Lynette is a versatile 4-star and she can fit into any team that you’d put Kazuha or Sucrose on. Though she isn’t the best option for any team, if you’re using your high-value Anemo units on other teams then Lynette can be a comfortable replacement.
She has decent personal damage and her burst not only swirls but also taunts nearby opponents which can come in clutch during intense combat scenarios. Some of her niche team compositions however are discussed below
Lynette can serve as a battery for Faruzan’s energy needs and Faruzan also boosts Lynette’s personal damage. A C6 Lynette can also pair well with Bennett C6- this way she could be a powerful 4-star main DPS. A C6 Lynette can also be used as an Anemo driver in Taser teams with Beidou and Fischl- even though Sucrose remains the best Anemo driver in the game.
Ideally, Lynette is best used in teams where at least two of the comprising elements can be Swirled. Thus she is considered generally bad for Dendro teams. You can also use her with Lyney- though she is a worse option than Kazuha or Sucrose in that role.