Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Lyney best build, Talent and Ascension materials, weapon, and team
Everything you need to know about Lyney in Genshin Impact.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Guide
by
Jessica Orr
Senior Guides Writer
Updated on
Nov. 8, 2024
Follow Genshin Impact
Lyney
is a 5-Star Pyro character who was added to
Genshin Impact
during Phase 1 of the 4.0 update.
While Lyney is featured as the boosted 5-Star character in his Conjuring Chiaroscuro Banner in
version 5.2
, he will eventually return at some point in the future when the
Banner schedule
cycles back to him.
Whether you have him, or want to prepare for if you do Wish for him successfully, it's good to know the
best Lyney build
in
Genshin Impact
, including his
best Artifacts
and
best team
. It's also handy to learn what his
Constellation
perks are, and what
Lyney Talent materials
and
Ascension materials
are needed to level up Lyney to his full potential.
On this page:
Lyney materials and stats
:
Lyney Talents, skills, star, element, and weapon
Lyney Talent materials
Lyney Ascension materials
Lyney Constellations
Lyney build
:
How to play Lyney in Genshin Impact
Best Lyney team comp
Best Lyney Artifacts
Best Lyney weapon
Best Lyney build
Be sure to check out our
beginner's guide with tips and tricks
, and
Genshin Impact codes
page to get free
Primogems
that can be used towards unlocking Lyney and other
characters
.
Genshin Impact Lyney Talents, skills, star, element, and weapon
Lyney is a
5-Star Pyro character who uses a bow
, and is best used in a main on-field DPS role while paired with other Pyro characters.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Here's a summary of Lyney's abilities and stats in Genshin Impact:
Element
: Pyro.
Rarity
: 5-Star.
Weapon
: Bow.
Banner
: Conjuring Chiaroscuro.
Best build
: On-field DPS.
Normal Attack
: Card Force Translocation.
Elemental Skill
: Bewildering Lights.
Elemental Burst
: Wondrouse Trick - Miracle Parade.
Passive one
: Perilous Performance (If Lyney consumes HP when firing a Prop Arrow, the Grin-Malkin hat summoned by the arrow will restore 3 Energy to Lyney and increase damage dealt by 80% of his attack - but only when the arrow hits an opponent).
Passive two
: Conclusive Ovation (When dealing damage to an opponent affected by Pyro, Lyney will receive a 60% increase to his base attack stat, with a further 20% bonus for each Pyro party member other than Lyney. He can gain a total of 100% increased damage to opponents affected by Pyro through this passive).
Exploration bonus
:Trivial Observations (Displays the location of nearby resources unique to Fontaine on the mini-map).
Lyney Normal Attack - Card Force Translocation
It's a pretty simple normal attack kit for Lyney, as he can perform up to four consecutive shots with his bow, and fires a shower of arrows in mid-air before falling and striking the ground to deal AoE damage on impact when plunge attacking.
Lyney's charged attack is where it gets interesting, as he can perform a more precise aimed shot with increased damage. When charged to Level 1 and fired, the arrow is Pyro-infused and deals Pyro damage. However, when charged to Level 2, a
Prop Arrow
is shot that deals Pyro damage and also summons a Grin-Malkin Hat when the arrow hits.
When firing a Prop Arrow, and when Lyney has more than 60% HP, he consumes a portion of his HP to obtain one Prop Surplus stack, with a maximum of 5 stacks. This effect will be removed after Lyney spends 30 seconds out of combat. The lowest Lyney's health can drop to through this method is 60% of his maximum HP.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Additionally, at certain intervals, the Prop Arrow causes a Spiritbreath Thorn to descend upon its hit location, dealing Pneuma-aligned Pyro damage.
The summoned Grin-Malkin Hat inherits a percentage of Lyney's Max HP, and can taunt nearby opponents to attack it, but each opponent can only be taunted by the Hat once every five seconds. If destroyed, or its duration expires, the hat fires off a Pyrotechnic Strike at one nearby opponent, dealing Pyro damage. Only one Grin-Malkin Hat can exist at any given time.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Lyney Elemental Skill - Bewildering Lights
Lyney does a flourish with his hat, unleashing fireworks that clear all current Prop Surplus stacks and deals AoE Pyro damage to enemies in front of him. The more stacks Lyney used, the greater his Bewildering Lights damage is. Using this skill also regenerates Lyney's health, the amount scaling off his maximum HP.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
When his skill is used and a Grin-Malkin Hat is on the field, the fireworks cause the Hat to explode, dealing AoE Pyro damage equal to that of a Pyrotechnic Strike. This is considered charged attack damage.
Lyney Elemental Burst - Wondrouse Trick: Miracle Parade
Lyney turns into a Grin-Malkin Cat that can move around quickly. This is not the same as a Grin-Malkin Hat, as they're two different props. When the Cat gets close to enemies, it sends flames falling down on them, dealing at most one instance of Pyro damage to each opponent. When the duration ends, Lyney dismisses the Grin-Malkin Cat and ignites fireworks that deal AoE Pyro damage, summons one Grin-Malkin Hat, and grants himself one stack of Prop Surplus.
Grin-Malkin Cat can be actively cancelled.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Genshin Impact Lyney Talent materials
Primordial Greenbloom |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
To get the most out of using Lyney, you will have to level his skills up by using Talent materials, which vary from character-to-character.
For Lyney, you need to farm a lot of Insignia and Equity materials (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade his capabilities.
As Lyney has three Talents, you will have to spend three times the Talent materials listed below to fully upgrade all of his abilities, which we've also detailed below the table.
Here's what Lyney Talent materials you need to improve one of his abilities:
Lyney Talent level
Lyney Talent materials
Mora cost
Level 2
x3 Teachings of Equity, x6 Recruit's Insignia
12,500
Level 3
x2 Guide to Equity, x3 Sergeant's Insignia
17,500
Level 4
x4 Guide to Equity, x4 Sergeant's Insignia
25,000
Level 5
x6 Guide to Equity, x6 Sergeant's Insignia
30,000
Level 6
x9 Guide to Equity, x9 Sergeant's Insignia
37,500
Level 7
x4 Philosophies of Equity, x4 Lieutenant's Insignia, x1 Primordial Greenbloom
120,000
Level 8
x6 Philosophies of Equity, x6 Lieutenant's Insignia, x1 Primordial Greenbloom
260,000
Level 9
x12 Philosophies of Equity, x9 Lieutenant's Insignia, x2 Primordial Greenbloom
450,000
Level 10
x16 Philosophies of Equity, x12 Lieutenant's Insignia, x2 Primordial Greenbloom, x1 Crown of Insight
700,000
Here's what Talent Materials you'll need to fully upgrade
one
of Lyney's skills:
x1 Crown of Insight
x3 Teachings of Equity
x6 Recruit's Insignia
x6 Primordial Greenbloom
x21 Guide to Equity
x22 Sergeant's Insignia
x31 Lieutenant's Insignia
x38 Philosophies to Equity
1,652,500 Mora
To upgrade all
three
of Lyney's skills, here's all the Talent Materials you'll need:
x3 Crown of Insight
x9 Teachings of Equity
x18 Recruit's Insignia
x18 Primordial Greenbloom
x63 Guide to Equity
x66 Sergeant's Insignia
x93 Lieutenant's Insignia
x114 Philosophies to Equity
4,957,500 Mora
Genshin Impact Lyney Ascension materials
Rainbow Rose. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Just like Talents, you need to use Lyney Ascension materials to upgrade his health, attack, defence, and critical hit effectiveness.
You need to farm a lot of
Rainbow Rose
and Insignia materials for Lyney (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade his capabilities.
Unlike Talent materials, you only need to spend the below Ascension materials once to fully raise Lyney to his highest character level. There is also Acquaint Fate rewarded for reaching certain Ascension levels. You can spend this Fate on the
standard and beginner Banners
to Wish for characters and weapons.
Here's what Lyney Ascension materials and Mora you need to upgrade him for each Ascension level:
Lyney Ascension level
Lyney Ascension materials
Mora cost
Ascension reward
Level 20
x1 Agnidus Agate Sliver, x3 Rainbow Rose, x3 Recruit's Insignia
20,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 40
x3 Agnidus Agate Fragment, x2 Emperor's Resolution, x10 Rainbow Rose, x15 Recruit's Insignia
40,000
None
Level 50
x6 Agnidus Agate Fragment, x4 Emperor's Resolution, x20 Rainbow Rose, x12 Sergeant's Insignia
60,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 60
x3 Agnidus Agate Chunk, x8 Emperor's Resolution, x30 Rainbow Rose, x18 Sergeant's Insignia
80,000
None
Level 70
x6 Agnidus Agate Chunk, x12 Emperor's Resolution, x45 Rainbow Rose, x12 Lieutenant's Insignia
100,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 80
x6 Agnidus Agate Gemstone, x20 Emperor's Resolution, x60 Rainbow Rose, x24 Lieutenant's Insignia
120,000
None
In total, here's
all the Ascension Materials
you need for Lyney in Genshin Impact:
x1 Agnidus Agate Sliver
x6 Agnidus Agate Gemstone
x9 Agnidus Agate Fragment
x9 Agnidus Agate Chunk
x18 Recruit's Insignia
x30 Sergeant's Insignia
x36 Lieutenant's Insignia
x46 Emperor's Resolution
x168
Rainbow Rose
420,000 Mora
Genshin Impact Lyney Constellations
By getting duplicates of Lyney from wishing on Banners, you will receive his Stella Fortuna. This material allows you to unlock Constellation levels, with each upgrade either improving an existing Talent or Passive ability.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Here are all of Lyney's Constellations in Genshin Impact:
Whimsical Wonders (C1)
: Lyney can have 2 Grin-Malkin Hats present at once, and Prop Arrows summon 2 Grin-Malkin Hats, granting Lyney one extra stack of Prop Surplus. This effect can occur once every 15 seconds.
Locquacious Cajoling (C2)
: When Lyney is on the field he gains a stack of Crisp Focus every 2 seconds, increasing his Crit Damage by 20%, with a maximum of three stacks. This effect is cancelled when Lyney leaves the field.
Prestidigitation (C3)
: Increases the Level of Lyney's normal attack by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Well-Versed, Well Rehearsed (C4)
: After an enemy is hit by Lyney's Pyro charge attack, their Pyro Resistance is decreased by 20% for six seconds.
To Pierce Enigmas (C5)
: Increases the Level of Lyney's Elemental Burst by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Guarded Smile (C6)
: When Lyney fires a Prop Arrow, he also fires a Pyrotechnic Strike: Reprised that deals 80% of an ordinary Pyrotechnic Strike's damage. This damage is considered charged attack damage.
How to play Lyney in Genshin Impact
Your goal with Lyney is to
fire off as many Level 2 charge attacks as possible
while having buffs and defensive abilities active from your other party members. Ideally, you'll want to fire off at least three Level 2 charged attacks before using Lyney's Elemental Skill and consuming the stacks gained from this to cause AoE Pyro damage. Getting four or five Level 2 charged attacks before Skill activation would be even better, but this takes skilled timing to achieve.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Then, when you're at full energy, use Lyney's Elemental Burst for more AoE Pyro damage. As Lyney gains a stack of Prop Surplus after using his Elemental Burst, you'll get even more damage when using his Elemental Skill the next time.
Just be careful when doing your rotations to use other characters' abilities, as
Lyney loses any Prop Surplus stacks he has accumulated when he's off the field for more than 30 seconds
.
Keeping Lyney above 60% HP consistently is important, as he won't gain Prop Surplus stacks when using charged attacks otherwise. So make sure you have a healer on your team, ideally Bennett.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
In short,
use Level 2 Charge attacks above 60% HP as much as you can
before using Lyney's Skill and Burst, then go through your team's rotation to heal, shield, and buff Lyney, then restart the loop again.
Best Lyney team comp in Genshin Impact
You'll almost always want to
play Lyney in a team of mostly Pyro characters
so you can fully benefit from his Conclusive Ovation passive, which increases Lyney's attack by 20% for each additional Pyro party member. As Lyney is going to take his own HP to perform Level 2 charged attacks and produce Prop Arrows, we recommend always having
Bennett
on a Lyney team where possible, as Bennett is a Pyro character who can apply healing and help keep Pyro damage on enemies.
A very good non-Pyro character to have on a Lyney team is
Kazuha
or any other Anemo-user who has good grouping or Swirl reactions, like
Sucrose
. The Swirl and AoE damage you get from Anemo units will increase your DPS.
Bennett is the best team member to pair with Lyney. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
If you're struggling to keep Lyney alive long enough to fire off enough Charged attacks, then you might want to consider switching out your Anemo character for a defensive unit, or even another healer. We recommend
Zhongli
if you have him. Although, keep in mind using defensive characters like Zhongli is more suited to single-target encounters.
Your last Pyro character should either be somebody who can provide Lyney with Pyro Energy Particles so he can get his Elemental Burst charged quicker, like
Dehya
(who also provides a little defence), or a Pyro character who can help sustain Pyro damage on enemies while adding a lot of attack, like
Xiangling
.
Alternatively, you can even try a Lyney team with Bennett, Zhongli, and an Anemo character if you need both defence and grouping. Your team's DPS will go down, but it's worth it if you're keeping Lyney alive long enough to finish the battle.
Best Lyney Artifacts in Genshin Impact
Part of the Marechaussee Hunter set. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
The best Artifact set for Lyney in Genshin Impact is the
4-piece Marechaussee Hunter
, as it increases his charged attack damage, and gives him a huge boost in Crit Rate damage when his health increases or decreases - which will be happening consistently in a Lyney and Bennett team.
As this is a new set that you can't pre-farm in advance, then there are some alternative Relics that you can equip on Lyney until you get good Marechaussee Hunter Artfifacts, most notably the 4-piece
Lavawalker
and
Wanderer's Troup
sets for Lavawalker's increase in Pyro damage and Wanderer's Troup's increase in Elemental and charged attack damage.
As for Lyney's main Artifact stats, you'll almost always want to go for attack on Sands, Pyro Damage on your Goblet, and Crit Damage on your Circlet. You might also want to go with Energy Recharge for your Sands if you really need some.
Best Lyney weapon in Genshin Impact
As with most signatures,
5-Star The First Great Magic bow
is Lyney's best weapon in Genshin Impact. Signature weapons are basically custom built for characters, as is the case with this one. However, Lyney does have other bow choices that are very close to achieving similar damage numbers to his signature.
Sticking to his signature for now, at Refinement 1, The First Great Magic increases the damage dealt from Charged Attacks by 16%. For every party member with the same Elemental Type as the wielder (including the wielder themselves), you gain one Gimmick stack. However, for every party member with a different Elemental Type from the wielder, you gain one Theatrics stack. The more Gimmick stacks you have, the more attack is granted, and the more Theatrics stacks, the more movement speed will be increased.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
You can repurpose other 5-Star bows for Lyney, most notably the
Aqua Simulacra
for its Crit Damage and increase in attack, but the
Thundering Pulse
is a good substitute if you don't have Lyney's signature or the Aqua Simulacra.
As for 4-Star options, the new Battle Pass weapon,
Scion of the Blazing Sun
, the
Prototype Crescent
, and
The Viridescent Hunt
are three good bows for Lyney at full Refinement - but this can take a lot of time (and money) to achieve for Scion of the Blazing Sun, as it's a new Battle Pass weapon.
Version 6.4 Phase 2 sees the returning 5-Star
Skirk
and a rerun of
Escoffier
. 

So don't forget to redeem
new codes
for
Primogems
to help pull them, and check out our regularly updated
tier list
.

You need luck from the
Pity and 50/50 systems
to
Wish with Fate
for characters on
Banners
, and you always need the right
Adventure Rank
for events.

Elsewhere, we have
tips and tricks for beginners
.
Best Lyney build in Genshin Impact
If you want to take advantage of his on field DPS potential while keeping him alive, we have compiled what we think is currently the
best Lyney build in Genshin Impact
:
Lyney Best Weapon
: 5-Star The First Great Magic catalyst.
Lyney Best Artifacts
: 4-piece Marechaussee Hunter.
Lyney Best team comp
: Bennett, Xiangling, Kazuha.
Remember, you can swap Zhongli for any character other than Bennett if you need his defensive capabilities, or add a Pyro character who will generate more particles than Xiangling if you're struggling with Energy Recharge.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
It can take a lot of time to farm for the materials needed to get Lyney to his full potential, but if you're after an archer with a unique kit who pairs well with characters you probably already have if you've been playing for a while, then Lyney could be a worthy addition to your roster.
Good luck levelling up Lyney in Genshin Impact!
To see this content please enable targeting cookies.
Manage cookie settings