A genius of a magician famed throughout Fontaine. He moves his audience with a combination of sleight of hand and the gift of the gab. Eloquent, ingenious, and with a mind as hard to fathom as a cat.
Name:
Lyney
Rarity:
★★★★★
Vision:
Pyro
Weapon:
Bow
Birthday:
2nd February
Region:
Fontaine
Affiliation:
Hotel Bouffes d’ete
Normal Attack:
Performs up to 4 consecutive shots with a bow.
Statistics:
Plunging Attack:
Fires off a shower of arrows in mid-air before falling and striking the ground, dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Statistics:
Charged Attack:
Performs a more precise Aimed Shot with increased DMG. While aiming, flames will run across the arrowhead before being fired. Different effects will occur based on the time spent charging.
Charge Level 1: Fires off a Pyro-infused arrow, dealing Pyro DMG.
Charge Level 2: Fires off a Prop Arrow that deals Pyro DMG, and upon hit, it will summon a Grin-Malkin Hat.
When firing the Prop Arrow, and when Lyney has more than 60% HP, he will consume a portion of his HP to obtain 1 Prop Surplus stack. Max 5 stacks. The effect will be removed after the character spends 30s out of combat.
The lowest Lyney can drop to through this method is 60% of his Max HP.
Grin-Malkin Hat
Can taunt nearby opponents and attract their attacks. Each opponent can only be taunted by the Hat once every 5s.
The Hat will inherit a percentage of Lyney's Max HP.
If destroyed, or if its duration expires, it will fire off a Pyrotechnic Strike at 1 nearby opponent, dealing Pyro DMG.
Only 1 Hat can exist at any given time.
Arkhe: Pneuma
At certain intervals, the Prop Arrow will cause a Spiritbreath Thorn to descend upon its hit location, dealing Pneuma-aligned Pyro DMG.
Statistics:
Lyney does a flourish with his hat, unleashing a firework surprise! When used, he will clear all current Prop Surplus stacks and deal AoE Pyro DMG to opponents in front of him. DMG will be increased according to the stacks cleared, and this will also regenerate Lyney's HP based on his Max HP.
When a Grin-Malkin Hat created by Lyney is on the field, the fireworks will cause it to explode, dealing AoE Pyro DMG equal to that of a Pyrotechnic Strike. The DMG dealt through the Grin-Malkin Hat in this way is considered Charged Attack DMG.
Statistics:
Unleashing his magic, Lyney turns himself into a Grin-Malkin Cat that can move around quickly. (Not to be mistaken for the Grin-Malkin Hat. They're two different props!) When the Grin-Malkin Cat gets close to opponents, it will send flames falling down on them, dealing at most 1 instance of Pyro DMG to each opponent. When the duration ends, he will dismiss the Grin-Malkin Cat and ignite fireworks that deal AoE Pyro DMG, summon 1 Grin-Malkin Hat, and grant himself 1 Prop Surplus stack. Grin-Malkin Cat can be actively cancelled.
Statistics:
Suggested Talent Levels
This is by no means an exact guide on what is best - this is just my personal suggestion.
If Lyney consumes HP when firing off a Prop Arrow, the Grin-Malkin hat summoned by the arrow will, upon hitting an opponent, restore 3 Energy to Lyney and increase DMG dealt by 80% of his ATK.
The DMG Lyney deals to opponents affected by Pyro will receive the following buffs:
Increases the DMG dealt by 60%.
Each Pyro party member other than Lyney will cause the DMG dealt to increase by an additional 20%.
Lyney can deal up to 100% increased DMG to opponents affected by Pyro in this way.
Displays the location of nearby resources unique to Fontaine on the mini-map.
Felis Fuscus
C1 < C2 < C6
Summoning Grin-Malkin Hats is a vital part of how Lyney deals damage. This constellation increases Lyney’s damage and allows him to heal more. It is definitely worth pulling for if you want to main Lyney.
C2 is an even better constellation than C1 for Lyney. It is arguably his best overall constellation. As an on-field DPS Lyney can use this constellation to increase his CRIT DMG by up to 60%.
This increases the level to which Lyney’s Normal Attack can be increased.
C4 reduces Lyney’s opponent’s Pyro RES. This is useful but does not cause as significant of a difference as the previous constellations.
This increases the level to which Lyney’s Elemental Burst can be increased.
C6 increases the DMG dealt by Lyney’s actual Charged Attacks rather than by his Grin-Malkin Hats. This constellation is ideal for players who enjoy using Charged Attacks and want to Lyney to have a significant boost in DMG.
The below statistics assume that the weapons are all at Level 90 with all passives activated. Lyney is at Level 90 10/10/10. The artifacts are each at Level 20 with no sub-stats. The Sands is ATK%, the Goblet is Pyro DMG Bonus, and the Circlet is CRIT Rate. Damage Values are all CRIT hits.
4-Piece Marechaussee Hunter
4-Piece Wanderer’s Troupe
4-Piece Lavawalker
2-Piece:
Normal and Charged Attack DMG +15%.
4-Piece:
When current HP increases or decreases, CRIT Rate will be increased by 12% for 5s. Max 3 stacks.
Marechaussee Hunter
is without doubt the best artifact set for Lyney. By increasing the DMG from his Charged Attacks as well as boosting his CRIT Rate when his HP changes it collectively makes Lyney the strongest he can be. Be wary of using a weapon with a secondary stat of CRIT Rate as it may get too high with the 4-piece bonus.
2-Piece:
ATK +18%.
4-Piece:
When casting an Elemental Skill, if the character has 15 or more Energy, they lose 15 Energy and Normal/Charged/Plunging Attack DMG is increased by 50% for 10s. This effect will not trigger again during that duration.
If you have a dedicated Battery in your team composition then
Shimenawa’s Reminiscence
can work for Lyney. Its 4-piece bonus focuses on his Charged Attack DMG which is his priority. This set is not as good as Marechaussee Hunter but can be used if you have not yet unlocked the new artifact domain.
2-Piece:
Pyro RES increased by 40%.
4-Piece:
Increases DMG against opponents affected by Pyro by 35%.
Lavawalker
is ideal for a Mono-Pyro team composition. By increasing the damage against opponents affected by Pyro you make the entire team much more powerful. This set is not as good as Marechaussee Hunter but can be used if you have not yet unlocked the new artifact domain.
Lyney’s signature weapon is
The First Great Magic
. As Lyney requires at least two other Pyro characters in his team, this weapon increases his ATK based on the number of party members with the same Elemental Type as him. It was specifically made for Lyney which allows him to take full advantage of its passive abilities.
Lyney is similar to Ganyu as he prioritises his charged attacks so her signature weapon suits him well.
Amos’ Bow
has a high base ATK value and deals extra damage after a Normal or Charged Attack is fired.
Other 5-star weapon options include: Aqua Simulacra, Polar Star, Thundering Pulse.
The new Battle Pass bow
Scion of the Blazing Sun
has a passive ability that deals additional damage when Lyney uses a Charged Attack. As Charged Attacks are Lyney’s priority this weapon fits his kit very well. Unfortunately, it is expensive to obtain.
At R5 the craftable weapon
Prototype Crescent
gives Lyney a large increase in ATK and Movement SPD. It is the ideal F2P weapon option for him as it is easily attainable.
Other 4-star weapon options include: Song of Stillness (Foregable), Blackcliff Warbow (Paimon’s Bargains), Hamayumi (Foregeable), The Viridescent Hunt (Battle Pass).
Other 3-star weapon options include: Sharpshooter’s Oath (Wishes), Slingshot (Wishes).
Main DPS:
Lyney (C0+) → Causes each Pyro teammate to add to his own ATK bonus.
Sub DPS:
Dehya (C0+) → Increases interruption resistance. Deals AoE Pyro DMG.
Support:
Kazuha (C0+) → Groups enemies together and provides DMG buff to teammates.
Healer:
Bennett (C0+) → Elemental Burst provides ATK buff and heals teammates.
Main DPS:
Lyney (C0+) → Causes each Pyro teammate to add to his own ATK bonus.
Sub DPS:
Xiangling (C0+) → Elemental Burst attaches Pyro to opponents and deals a large amount of DMG.
Healer:
Bennett (C0+) → Elemental Burst provides ATK buff and heals teammates.
Shield:
Zhongli (C0+) → Provides a safe environment for the team through a shield.
Main DPS:
Lyney (C0+) → Causes each Pyro teammate to add to his own ATK bonus.
Sub DPS:
Xiangling (C0+) → Elemental Burst attaches Pyro to opponents and deals a large amount of DMG.
Support:
Lynette (C1+) → Groups enemies together and taunts them with her Elemental Burst.
Healer:
Bennett (C0+) → Elemental Burst provides ATK buff and heals teammates.
So, what are the pros and cons of Lyney?
Pros:
High DMG due to scaling
Good Pyro application and DMG
Self-healing
Cons:
Limited team compositions
Single-target damage dealer
The final decision as to whether you get him is up to you! Good Luck Travellers~