With the release of
Fontaine
in Genshin Impact, you will be able to interact with one of the
Statue of the Seven
to get Hydro Traveler. The abilities that
Hydro Traveler
will possess will be different than the Anemo, Geo, and Electro Traveler, so it is obvious that the best build and team for him/her will also vary.
If you are planning to make a team around Hydro Traveler in Genshin Impact, here’s the best build and team that you can go for to get the best out of this character.
Best Hydro Traveler Build In Genshin Impact
Best Hydro Traveler Build & Team in Genshin Impact. (Picture: HoYoverse)
HoYoverse has revealed the details about Hydro Traveler and
based on the leaked abilities
, he/she is best suited for the DPS role in the party, and here are the best weapon and artifacts you can use to build Hydro Traveler.
Best Weapon
The Aquila Favonia will be the best-suited weapon for Hydro Traveler; however, if you can’t get your hands on it, you can also go with Skyward Blade.
Aquila Favonia (Level 1)
ATK is increased by 20%. Triggers on taking DMG: the soul of the Falcon of the West awakens, holding the banner of resistance aloft, regenerating HP equal to 100% of ATK and dealing 200% of ATK as DMG to surrounding opponents. This effect can only occur once every 15s.
Skyward Blade (Level 1)
CRIT Rate increased by 4%. Gains Skypiercing Might upon using an Elemental Burst: Increases Movement SPD by 10%, increases ATK SPD by 10%, and Normal and Charged hits deal additional DMG equal to 20% of ATK. Skypiercing Might lasts for 12s.
Best Artifact Set
Pale Flame (4-piece) is the best artifact set for Hydro Traveler, but if you don’t have it, you can go with Viridescent Venerer (4-piece).
Pale Flame
2-Piece Bonus:
Physical DMG +25%
4-Piece Bonus:
When an Elemental Skill hits an opponent, ATK is increased by 9% for 7s. This effect stacks up to 2 times and can be triggered once every 0.3s. Once 2 stacks are reached, the 2-set effect is increased by 100%.
Gilded Dreams
2-Piece Bonus:
Elemental Mastery +80
4-Piece:
Within 8s of triggering an Elemental Reaction, the character equipping this will obtain buffs based on the Elemental Type of the other party members, ATK is increased by 14% for each party member whose Elemental Type is the same as the equipping character, and Elemental Mastery is increased by 50 for every party member with a different Elemental Type. Each of the aforementioned buffs will count up to 3 characters. This effect can be triggered once every 8s. The character who equips this can still trigger its effects when not on the field.
Best Hydro Traveler Team in Genshin Impact. (Picture: HoYoverse)
Best Hydro Traveler Team Composition in Genshin Impact
In order to get the most out of Hydro Traveler, we recommend you include Electro, Dendro, and Pyro characters in the team to trigger elemental reactions that will increase the damage and its duration.
As an Electro character, you can either pick
Raiden Shogun
and to fill up the space of a Dendro character,
Nahida
will be a great choice. At last, you can choose
Xiangling
,
Bennett
, or
Lyney
as your Cryo character in the team.
Thus, the best team composition for Lynette in Genshin Impact will be Raiden Shogun, Nahida, and Xiangling/Bennett/Lyney.