The Traveler is the main character in
Genshin Impact
, and this character has the unique ability to resonate with all of the elements in the game. With the release of Fontaine, the Traveler has now gained access to their Hydro variant, giving them the Hydro element in addition to a brand new kit and abilities. The Hydro Traveler is a unique character, with a fun machine gun Elemental Skill that fires off Hydro DMG to opposing enemies. If the Hydro Traveler appeals to you, then you’ll want to make sure they have the best build possible. Here’s our guide on the best build for Hydro Traveler in
Genshin Impact.
Recommended Videos
Genshin Impact:
Hydro Traveler best weapons guide
Screenshot by PC Invasion
The best build for the Hydro Traveler in
Genshin Impact
starts with picking out their best weapon. Here are some of your best options:
Key of Khaj-Nisut:
The Key of Khaj-Nisut increases the Traveler’s HP by 20%, while also increasing their Elemental Mastery by 0.12% of their Max HP. This can help the Hydro Traveler in teams where he’s used for Elemental Reactions, such as in a classic Vaporize team. The Hydro Traveler can opt to build HP or ATK, HP for slightly higher bonus damage and more survivability, or ATK to increase his overall damage. This weapon is better suited to increasing the Hydro Traveler’s support capabilities.
Wolf-Fang:
The Wolf-Fang is the new Battle Pass Sword, introduced in Version 4.0 of
Genshin Impact.
This weapon boosts the Traveler’s Crit Rate by 27% and ATK by 510 at Level 90. More importantly, this weapon boosts the wearer’s Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst damage by 16%, which is where a majority of the Hydro Traveler’s damage will come from. Note: This is a Battle Pass weapon, and requires you to purchase the Battle Pass and reach tier 30. This is not a free-to-play-friendly option.
Favonius Sword:
If you do not have the aforementioned weapons, or are a free-to-play player, you may want to consider using the Hydro Traveler for Hydro application and healing in a more supporting role. The Favonius Sword is a classic support weapon, increasing the wearer’s Energy Recharge and allowing them to generate Energy Particles for their teammates.
Genshin Impact:
Hydro Traveler best artifacts guide
Screenshot by PC Invasion
Vourukasha’s Glow:
The Hydro Traveler can take advantage of the +20% HP bonus this set provides, but more importantly, a potential 80% damage buff to their Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst goes a long way in increasing their damage. You should reliably proc the passive of this set, which increases Elemental Skill + Elemental Burst damage by 80%, as his Elemental Skill drains some of the Hydro Traveler’s HP.
Noblesse Oblige:
For a support-focused Hydro Traveler build, use this set. This set will increase the wearer’s Elemental Burst damage by 20%, but also increase the ATK of your teammates by 20% after you use the wearer’s Elemental Burst.
Download
Genshin Impact
on its
official website here
.
Genshin Impact
Hoyoverse