Table of Contents
[Hide]
[Show]
Combat Talents
+
−
Normal Attack – Foreign Stream
Elemental Skill – Aquacrest Saber
Elemental Burst – Rising Waters
Passive Talents
+
−
1st Ascension – Spotless Waters
4th Ascension – Clear Waters
Combat Talent Materials
A new
Genshin Impact
region means a new Traveler element. Fontaine is the land of Hydro, so resonating with a Statue of Seven grants the Traveler a Hydro attack set. Unfortunately, Hydro Traveler plays about on par with Electro Traveler. For how useful Hydro can be on a team, the Traveler is lacking in places where characters like Xingqiu and Kamisato Ayato shine.
Genshin Impact: Lynette Talent Guide
|
Genshin Impact: Lyney Talent Guide
|
Genshin Impact: Aqua Simulacra Ascension & Stats
Focus on boosting the Traveler’s
Elemental Skill
. This will do the most Hydro damage and allow you to heal if you hold the Skill. If you want Hydro damage, level up the
Elemental Burst
next. Otherwise, if you’re not relying on the Traveler for Hydro application, then you can go for the
Normal Attack
. If done correctly, you can get the Traveler’s Normal Attack up to 1,500 damage on a hit.
Combat Talents
Normal Attack – Foreign Stream
Nothing in the Normal Attack Talent changes between the different Traveler forms. The Traveler can perform up to 5 consecutive attacks. Neither the Traveler’s Skill nor Burst infuses any Normal Attacks, so you’ll never do Elemental DMG with the Normal Attack.
Elemental Skill – Aquacrest Saber
The Traveler’s Skill changes depending on if you press or hold it. If you press it, the Traveler unleashes a Torrent Surge that deals Hydro DMG. If you hold the Skill, you can aim. The Traveler will constantly fire Dewdrops where you aim for a certain amount of time. When the duration ends, the Traveler performs the Torrent Surge.
The second part of the hold Skill is Suffusion. If the Traveler has more than 50% HP, Dewdrop DMG will increase depending on the Traveler’s Max HP. The Traveler will also lose a fixed amount of HP every second.
Finally, the Traveler deals Pneuma-aligned Hydro DMG. At certain intervals after using Torrent Surge, the Skill unleashes Pneuma-aligned Spiritbreath Thorns which also deal DMG.
Elemental Burst – Rising Waters
The Traveler launches a slow-moving bubble that deals continuous Hydro DMG to nearby opponents in its path. It will only travel in one direction and you cannot control it after launch.
Passive Talents
1st Ascension – Spotless Waters
This applies only to the hold version of Aquacrest Saber. After a Dewdrop hits an opponent, a Sourcewater Droplet will be generated near the Traveler. One Droplet can be created every second. Each use of Aquacrest Saber can create up to 4 Droplets. If the Traveler picks it up, the Droplet will restore 7% HP. You can restore up to 28% HP per Aquacrest Saber. The Droplets will only restore HP for the Traveler, but they will stay on the field for a short amount of time. So if you swap the Traveler out and in again, the Droplets will most likely be there.
4th Ascension – Clear Waters
If the Traveler consumes HP while using the hold version of the Aquacrest Saber, the ending Torrent Surge will deal Bonus DMG equal to 45% of the total HP consumed by Suffusion. The bonus can deal up to 5,000 DMG.
Combat Talent Materials
Remember, each Combat Talent can go up to Level 10. To triple crown a character, multiply all materials by three.
Talent Level 2
6 Transoceanic Pearl
3 Teachings of Equity
12,500 Mora
Talent Level 3
3 Transoceanic Chunk
2 Guide to Equity
17,500 Mora
Talent Level 4
4 Transoceanic Chunk
4 Guide to Equity
25,000 Mora
Talent Level 5
6 Transoceanic Chunk
6 Guide to Equity
30,000 Mora
Talent Level 6
9 Transoceanic Chunk
9 Guide to Equity
37,500 Mora
Talent Level 7
4 Xenochromatic Crystal
4 Philosophies of Equity
1 Worldspan Fern
120,000 Mora
Talent Level 8
6 Xenochromatic Crystal
6 Philosophies of Equity
1 Worldspan Fern
260,000 Mora
Talent Level 9
9 Xenochromatic Crystal
12 Philosophies of Equity
2 Worldspan Fern
450,000 Mora
Talent Level 10
12 Xenochromatic Crystal
16 Philosophies of Equity
2 Worldspan Fern
1 Crown of Insight
700,000 Mora
Total Talent Materials
6 Transoceanic Pearl
22 Transoceanic Chunk
31 Xenochromatic Crystal
3 Teachings of Equity
21 Guide to Equity
38 Philosophies of Equity
6 Worldspan Fern
1 Crown of Insight
1,652,500 Mora