Genshin Impact Hydro Traveler Build: Best Artifacts, Weapons & Team Composition
Share
Facebook
X
Reddit
WhatsApp
Copy URL
Are You Interested in Indie Mobile Games?
Yes
No
Home
Genshin Impact Hydro Traveler Build: Best Artifacts, Weapons & Team Composition
Zach Maikranz
Our traveler is finally ready for their Hydro power-up. In this guide, we are going to look at how they should be built and what teams they work best in.
The Hydro-attuned Traveler is here. How do we make sure they shine? | © HoYoVerse
The new Hydro-themed region, Fontaine, has launched for
Genshin Impact
, and with a new region comes a new element for our amazing Traveler to attune to.
The Sword weapon user Traveler has varying strengths and weaknesses across all of their elements, and everyone is wondering how this new element stacks up compared to the others.
In this guide, we are going to take a close look into what makes the Hydro Traveler tick, which weapons they should use, what their skill set does, and much more.
Update: We have made minor updates to the build guide on January 15, 2024.
Genshin Impact Hydro Traveler Best Build Overview
A simple overview of the Hydro Traveler in Genshin Impact. |© HoYoVerse
Let's get the bad news out of the way first; as it stands, the Hydro Traveler does not seem to be too good compared to other Hydro units in Genshin Impact.
But with that said, if you are lacking a decent Sub-DPS for a Bloom-based team, then maybe the Hydro Traveler will be good for you to implement.
The Hydro Traveler excels once you unlock their constellations further, at least above C2. This could be a great investment for a free-to-play player who is really hurting for some Hydro.
The big downside for the Hydro Traveler, unfortunately, falls down to how they scale their damage.
The damage scaling is split between their max HP stat and their Attack stat, so when building them, there isn't a great way to focus down a singular stat to make sure they shine since you desperately will need both from them.
Hydro Traveler Skills
A closer look at the hydro Travelers skills in Genshin Impact. |© HoYoVerse
The Hydro Traveler has
two skills:
Aquacrest Saber - Elemental Skill and Rising Water - Elemental Burst. Here is what each of them does:
Aquacrest Saber - Elemental Skill:
This skill has two modes, one for when it is pressed and one for when it is held. When pressed, the traveler sends forth a Torrent Surge that deals damage in a straight line.
When held, the traveler will remain stationary but be able to aim and target multiple enemies. Traveler will also lose HP at certain percentages. When targets are hit in the Held mode, they will produce droplets that will only heal the Traveler.
Rising Water - Elemental Burst:
The Traveler will summon a large water bubble that slowly moves forward and deals Hydro damage to any enemy it touches. It remains on the field when you swap to a different character.
Best Artifacts For Hydro Traveler
A closer look at what artifacts you should expect to use on your Hydro Traveler. |© HoYoVerse
No matter what set you choose for the Hydro Traveler you will want to make sure that you at least achieve the four-piece effect of any of these artifacts listed below.
Vorukasha:
Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst DMG will be increased by 10%. After the equipping character takes DMG, the aforementioned DMG Bonus is increased by 80% for 5s. This effect increase can have 5 stacks.
The duration of each stack is counted independently. These effects can be triggered even when the equipping character is not on the field.
Nymph's Dream:
After Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attacks, Elemental Skills, and Elemental Bursts hit opponents, 1 stack of Mirrored Nymph will be triggered, lasting 8s.
When under the effect of 1, 2, or 3 or more Mirrored Nymph Stacks, ATK will be increased by 7%/16%/25%, and the Hydro DMG bonus will be increased by 4%/9%/15%. Mirrored Nymph stacks created by Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attacks, Elemental Skills, and Elemental Bursts exist independently.
Gambler:
Defeating an enemy has a 100% chance to remove Elemental Skill CD. Can only occur once every 15s.
The main stats we want to focus on will be as follows:
Sands:
HP% or ATK%
Goblet:
Hydro DMG Bonus
Circlet:
Crit Rate or Crit Damage
The sub-stats can be as follows, Elemental Skill, Elemental Burst, and Normal Attack.
Hydro Traveler Best Weapons
Let's take a peek at what weapons we should use with our Traveler. |© HoYoVerse
These three weapons are the best for Hydro Traveler:
Primordial Jade Cutter
HP increased by 20%. Additionally, provides an ATK Bonus based on 1.2% of the wielder’s Max HP.
Key of Khaj-Nisut
HP increased by 20%. When an Elemental Skill hits opponents, you gain the Grand Hymn effect for the 20s.
This effect increases the equipping character's Elemental Mastery by 0.12% of their Max HP.
Wolf-Fang
DMG dealt by Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst is increased by 16%. When an Elemental Skill hits an opponent, its CRIT Rate will be increased by 2%.
Note
: You can also use the
Finale of the Deep
Sword or the
Black Sword
with the Hydro Traveler.
Hydro Traveler Best Teams
Who would our new friend work with the best? |© HoYoVerse
Here are the best team compositions for the Hydro Traveler in Genshin Impact:
Team Composition 1
Nahida
Shinobu
Traveler Hydro
Yelan
Team Composition 2
Alhaitham
Shinobu
Traveler Hydro
Xingqiu
Team Composition 3
Nilou
Nahida
Traveler Hydro
Baizhu
Team Composition 4
Nilou
Nahida
Traveler Hydro
Yaoyao
For more guides on Genshin Impact, check out:
How To Get Fontaine Craftable Weapons In Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Tier List: Best To Worst Characters Ranked
Add as a preferred source on Google
Welcome to Gamerdle
Zach Maikranz
Share
Facebook
X
Reddit
WhatsApp
Copy URL
Leave this field blank
Post comment