Genshin Impact: Best Team Comps For Nahida
Nahida Genshin Impact Facing Straight Ahead
By
Ryan Clouse
Published
Nov 14, 2022, 1:31 PM EST
Ryan is a part-time writer, part-time streamer who spends most of his free time video editing, or playing video games. Graduating from the College of the Holy Cross in 2022 with an English, and Theater degree, Ryan is extremely excited to begin writing for all the anime he loves, especially One Piece and Black Clover.
Sign in to your
ScreenRant
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Nahida is
Genshin Impact
's newest 5-star Dendro Catalyst character. Nahida boasts huge amounts of power, fitting nearly every role in the game and giving anyone wanting to put her in their teams a lot of versatility. Nahida's ability to quickly apply the Dendro element both on- and off-field make her a versatile team player. She can create massive Dendro reactions when paired with teams that feature Hydro, Pyro, or Electro characters to complement her. Players should try to keep at least one or two of these elements on their team if they want to get the most success out of Nahida.
Based on a video by YouTuber
Zy0x
, Nahida can be run in many different types of teams in
Genshin Impact
, but there are two that stand out. The first team, called a Hyperbloom Team, focuses on creating Dendro Cores with a reaction of Hydro and Dendro, and then activating these cores with Electro Damage. These teams generally has a few options, but one of the better
Genshin Impact
Nahida comps involves using Kokomi, Kuki Shinobu, and a choice of a Shielder, like Zhongli, to help protect Nahida's frail health stat. The second, called a Burgeon Team, will create the same Dendro Cores as the Hyperbloom Team, but will activate them with Pyro rather than Electro. A Burgeon Team can run Thoma as a Pyro enabler, and two more Hydro characters, like Kokomi, Xingqiu, or Yelan. With the
best Artifacts and Weapons for Nahida
, either of these team compositions is viable and powerful.
Related:
Genshin Impact: How Nahida's Design Compares To Other Archons
Genshin Impact Best Team Comps For Nahida
Nahida Zhongli Kokomi Kuki Genshin Impact
For the first Hyperbloom Team, Nahida is going to be playing a Sub-DPS role, rather than a Main-DPS, to keep her safe while generating Dendro Cores off-field. In this case, players will want to keep up Hydro damage from Kokomi, and then swap to Nahida to apply Dendro and create Dendro Cores with an Elemental Reaction. Finally, Kuki, or any other Electro character like Fischl or Lisa, should use their Electro abilities to consume all the Dendro Cores, causing a massive Hyperbloom trigger and huge amounts of damage. Apply shields whenever possible mid-rotation, but be careful not to apply the wrong element and mess up the reaction chain of the Hyperbloom team.
For the Burgeon Team, players will want to use
Genshin Impact's
Nahida as a Main-DPS, using her to quickly apply Dendro to each of the enemies, followed by the Hydro character, like Kokomi, to create Dendro Cores and cause the first reaction. The Pyro character - generally one with a large AOE Pyro attack like Thoma or Diluc - should consume all the Dendro Cores, causing large explosions and AOE damage. If
Nahida is Ascended through Genshin Impact farming
, this should cause massive amounts of damage.
Although these are only two examples of powerful teams Nahida can be a part of, the character is so strong and versatile that she could be included in almost any team and still be effective.
Genshin Impact
Version 3.2 establishes Nahida as one of the strongest characters in the game, and certainly a must-have for players who want to effectively use Dendro at its highest levels.
Next:
Genshin Impact's Giant Desert Robot Has Killed Over 300,000 Players
Source:
Zy0x/Youtube
Gaming
Game Guides
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Trending Now
10 Western Movies With The Best Villain Performances
5 Movies That Impressed Me The Most At CinemaCon 2026
Steam Adds 4 New Free Games, Yours Forever With No Catch