Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Karmic vibes
The best Genshin Impact Nahida teams
Multiplying wisdom
Guide
by
Josh Broadwell
Contributor
Updated on
April 11, 2023
0 comments
Follow Genshin Impact
The best
Genshin Impact
Nahida teams
are flexible depending on what benefits you want from the skills you focus on in
Nahida's build
. You can also take a generalized approach, throwing every element involved in
Dendro reactions
into the pot and watching as your enemies melt before you.
While Nahida's burst rewards you for using Hydro, Electro, and Pyro, her most effective teams are typically built around Bloom and Quicken reactions. We've opted for those here, but feel free to experiment with whoever else you want to use and see what happens. Nahida's second talent provides a hefty elemental mastery buff while her burst is active, for example, so even though Dendro and Anemo don't mix, Nahida can still play a role on an unorthodox team
The good thing about Nahida is that there really isn't a wrong answer. You can make any of these parties work or just take the F2P route and use your initial stable of characters to turn Nahida into an elemental reaction powerhouse.
Character Demo - "Nahida: Boundless Bliss" | Genshin Impact
Watch on YouTube
Nahida teams
Best Nahida team
Nahida bloom team
Nahida quicken team
Nahida F2P team
What is the best Nahida team?
Nahida’s skill lets her  functions well as an elemental support DPS, applying Dendro for your other party members to trigger reactions with. Her elemental mastery stat means you usually deal more damage from having
Nahida as your main DPS
, however, which means your best bet for pushing those numbers even higher is surrounding her with characters whose
elemental skills have lasting effects
. Nahida, more than most Archons and 5-star characters, excels in an F2P team, so if you’re new to the game and haven’t assembled a large team yet, you’re at no disadvantage.
Nahida causes Dendro reactions, so you want to include Electro, Hydro, or Pyro characters – or all three elemental types – in her party. Her burst also augments her skill’s power based on the elemental types of your other party members. Pyro and Electro are the most useful for increasing her power while  the burst is active. Pyro buffs her skill’s damage, and Electro decreases the time between Tri-Karmic Purification damage.
Pyro occupied a lesser space in most Dendro teams since the new element first appeared, but it seems poised to work better than usual with Nahida. Aside from the benefit to Nahida’s skill power, you can cause prolonged burning with the right skill rotation, and the ease of triggering Bloom reactions makes Burgeon more useful as well.
Best Nahida Bloom team
Nahida
Kokomi
or Mona
Nilou
Yaoyao
or Xingqiu
Nilou is ideal here thanks to her Bloom-enhancing talents, but if you don't have her, you can still build a powerful team. Mona and Kokomi can spread Hydro across the field - Mona even attracts enemies to the source of Hydro - while you Swap to Nahida and use her skill on enemies affected by Hydro. Xingqiu's rain swords work with Nahida's normal attack to trigger even more blooms.
If you're using Mona instead and need a healer to mitigate all the bloom explosion damage, Yaoyao is an excellent replacement for Xingqiu who can heal while triggering plenty of bloom damage herself.
Best Nahida quicken team
Nahida
Fischl, Raiden Shogun, or
Yae Miko
Cyno
Yaoyao or a healer of your choice
This team will create constant Quicken reactions and gives you the option to swap Nahida for Cyno (or Razer) if you want to prioritize Aggravate instead of Spread. Use Nahida's skill to apply the Seed of Skhanda, then swap to Cyno and use his burst.
Spread has slightly higher damage multipliers and triggers when you use Dendro on an enemy afflicted with Electro. You could use your Electro sub-DPS' skill first and then use Nahida's skill and normal attacks to actiavte Spread. Yaoyao is here to apply more Dendro while off field and to keep everyone's health topped up.
Best Nahida F2P team
Nahida
Barbara
Lisa
Xiangling
There’s a good reason HoYoverse uses this F2P team comp in Nahida’s test run, as it rivals any paid build for power and ease of use. The only downside is that everyone has long cooldown timers for their important skills.
Use Barbara’s skill, then swap to Nahida and use her skill. Run around and touch every enemy linked with the Skanda Seed to trigger bloom reactions repeatedly.
Lisa’s burst generates a constant supply of Electro, so you can use it, then switch to Nahida and use her skill and normal attacks for consistent Quicken damage. While the burst is on cooldown, you can still use Lisa’s normal attack to apply Electro.
Xiangling’s burst creates a Pyro whirlwind that you can treat the same as Barbara’s Hydro ring, running around and touching any nearby enemy to apply Pyro and cause Burning. It’s also a handy way to use up any lingering Dendro cores from your Bloom reactions, though your active character will take a small amount of damage from the Burgeon explosion.
If you're saving up for future
Genshin Impact banners
, make sure to check out our up-do-date list of
Genshin Impact codes
for some free Primogems.
Make sure to stock up on plenty of
Kalpalata Lotus
for Nahida's Ascension while you're out in the wild.