Task Search
Checklists
Guides
Markers
Videos
Sort and Filter
No Results
Checklists
New Checklist
All Lists
My Checklists
All
All Lists
My Checklists
How creative can you get with your first free checklist?
Create a free account
All Interactive Maps and Locations
Genshin Varesa Build Guide: Best Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
By
Cedric Pabriga
,
Jen Rothery
,
Triforce
,
+30 more
Updated
:
May 4, 2025 8:18pm UTC
Varesa is a hypercarry who joins the Genhin Impact character roster as a DPS based on Plunging Attacks. Due to her limited internal cooldowns on elemental application, she is best used as a ray power damage-dealer that doesn’t depend on reactions. This guide to the
best Genshin Impact Varesa build
will explain the best weapons, artifact sets, constellations, and team compositions for Varesa.
Varesa
Rarity:
★★★★★
Element:
Electro
Weapon:
Catalyst
Table of Contents:
How to Get Varesa
Varesa Gameplay Overview
Varesa Talents and Attack Combos
Varesa Constellation Analysis
Varesa's Best Weapons
Varesa's Best Artifacts
Varesa's Best Teams
How to Get Varesa in Genshin Impact
Varesa is a limited 5-star character, meaning you can only acquire her during limited time banners where she is featured
Genshin Varesa Gameplay Overview
Element:
Electro
Weapon:
Catalyst
Rarity:
5-star
Varesa is a hypercarry DPS focused on Plunging Attacks, A hypercarry is a DPS that comprises the vast majority of a team’s damage and doesn’t play as nicely with other off-field DPS. Instead, give Varesa support characters that focus on buffing her stats.
She is only the second character at the time of writing that has two different Elemental Bursts. The more expensive one costs 70 energy and deals more damage, while the cheap one only costs 30.
Weapon options are, unfortunately, fairly limited. Varesa really wants her signature weapon, otherwise, you’ll likely be stuck using Widsith. At the very least, she has pretty low Energy Recharge requirements. 130% will probably be fine to make sure Varesa can maximize her damage.
While her kit reads as very, very complicated on paper, the way you actually play her is simple. Her Skill has two uses before you have to wait for cooldowns to end. Each one grants Nightsoul Points that improves her damage and maintains her Nightsoul Blessing state. Her Charged Attacks then causes Varesa to bounce into the air, which you can plunge from for good damage. Using her cheap Burst at the end of every other Plunge will get you far.
Keep in mind that, due to the wordy explanations of all the mechanics that are happening in the background, you’ll likely have a better reading experience simply understanding the “Explain Like I’m Five” version of her kit throughout at the guide.
As for whether you should wish for Varesa, she’s above average, but there are probably fine DPS characters you have already. She’s on par with other choices, but there are very few times when she’s the best choice. Grab her if you like her, but don’t go out of your way for her.
Stats Worth Consideration
ATK%
: Varesa wants a high ATK stat so she can share her ATK with her teammates.
Electro DMG
: This is the element Varesa’s damage is based off of.
CRIT Rate/DMG:
The standard for DPS characters.
For any character devoted to building damage, it is important to prioritize a 1-to-2 ratio between CRIT Rate and CRIT DMG. 1-3 ratios, while they may give dopamine through bigger Crit numbers, is actually less damage overall. Aim for 75;150 in most cases!
Genshin Varesa Talents and Attack Combos
Your talent-levelling priority should is Normal Attack => Burst > Skill.
Normal Attack
Varesa has no reason to use her Normal Attacks, but she will use her Charged Attacks and Plunging Attacks. This is one of her main sources of damage, so level this Talent first.
Elemental Skill
Varesa’s Skill has two charges, and each use enables her Nightsoul Blessing state. When in this state, her Charged Attacks hit an enemy and cause her to bounce high into the air, allowing her to Plunge Attack.
Unlike other Natlanese character, the Skill talent doesn’t override the Normal Attack talent, so this talent isn’t as important as her others.
Elemental Burst
There are two kinds of Bursts Varesa can use. I’ll just refer to them as the pricey Burst and the cheap Burst. The only real difference is the energy required to use it and the multipliers. The Bursts are each upgraded Plunging Attacks that deal more damage.
The Burst also maxes Nightsoul Points, but this isn’t extremely important; her Skill gives all the Points she needs anyways.
Level this alongside the Normal Attack Talent. Don’t level one at a time.
Varesa
Passives
Next, come her passives.
After using her Skill, ground impact damage is increased by 50% of her ATK for 5s, but in her special state that improves her Plunging Attacks, it  is increased by 180% instead.
After triggering a Nighsoul Burst, Varesa gains 35% ATK for 12s, and can stack up to twice at once.
Yet another passive allows Varesa to use Phlogiston to fuel her Skill duration when Nightsoul points run out, and when she switches in, she’ll gain 20 Nightsoul points. This is mostly for exploration.
Finally, Varesa's Sprint speed is increased. When she is not in combat, her Sprint Stamina consumption will also increase. While in an area with Phlogiston Mechanics within Natlan, regain 20 Phlogiston when consuming food. This can occur once every 10s.
Varesa
Field Time Inputs
Varesa’s field time should be executed as such:
Varesa Skill
Varesa Charged Attack
Varesa Plunging Attack
Repeat the last three steps.
Varesa (cheap) Burst
Repeat the last five steps when able. If you can’t repeat, swap off.
Basically, you are using Skill > Charged > Plunging, and then every other time you do this, you’ll use the cheap Burst. You will almost never use the pricey Burst.
Genshin Varesa Constellation Analysis
Varesa is a fully functional character at C0, however, C1 is a fantastic constellation for overworld exploration. Otherwise, you don’t need her Constellations.
Constellation Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
C1.
Increases damage from Plunging Attacks by 180% regardless of what state she’s in. Additionally, reduces Nightsoul Point and stamina consumption by 30s
The buff isn’t great, but this makes her overworld exploration fantastic. She becomes the fastest way to traverse on ground in the game. As for damage, it’s about a 10% increase.
C2.
Varesa will restore 11.5 Energy when her Plunging Attack ground impact hits an opponent. There is also greater interruption resistance.
Interrupting Varesa’s combos severely hurts your damage output, so the added resistance is actually quite a huge quality-of-life buff. C2 also will take care of most of her Energy Recharge requirements.
C3.
Increase Burst talent level by 3.
The Burst is a large portion of her damage profile, so this does get a decent bit of mileage, but it’s nothing exciting.
C4.
When Varesa is not in any kind of special state, she’ll gain a 15s buff after using her Burst that increases Plunging Attack damage by 500% of ATK, up to 20k damage. This only applies to one Plunge during this 15s. If she is in a special state when using her Burst, the Burst gains 100% DMG.
Great for frontloading damage, which is helpful in speedrunning or clearing waves, but the fact it only works once, perhaps twice per rotation feels like it could have been made better.
C5.
Increases Normal Attack talent level by 3.
Same notes as Burst. It doesn’t change how she’s played at all.
C6.
Varesa restores 30 Energy when she enters Apex Drive. Her Plunging Attacks and Elemental Burst Guardian Vent! gain 10% CRIT Rate and 100% CRIT DMG. Additionally, when Varesa uses the Hold version of her Elemental Skill Riding the Night-Rainbow, or Taps her Elemental Skill while in the Sudden Onrush mode, she will restore Nightsoul points up to her maximum.
Varesa will basically never need to leave the field except to refresh buffs. The mall amount of CRIT Rate isn’t that bad because it’s easy to get “too much” CRIT Rate for Varesa if you’re using the commonly-used Obsidian Codex. More energy means that you may be able to naturally use her pricey Burst, which is nice for frontloaded damage in speedruns.
Genshin Varesa's Best Weapons
Varesa really wants her signature weapon. It’s quite a bit better than all other options. She wants ATK% and CRIT stats, but besides her signature, you really only have two options: Lost Prayer for a good Standard Banner 5-star, or an R5 Widsith from wishing. The Craftable option Flowing Purity, is a good amount worse and requires healing from your teammates.
Weapon Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
Vivid Notions
44.1% CRIT DMG
ATK is increased by 28%. When you use a Plunging Attack, you will gain the "Dawn's First Hue" effect: Plunging Attack CRIT DMG is increased by 28%. When you use an Elemental Skill or Burst, you will gain the "Twilight's Splendor" effect: Plunging Attack CRIT DMG is increased by 40%. The two effects above each last for 15s, and will be canceled 0.1s after the ground impact hits a target.
Best-in-Slot
There’s just nothing else that compares. The Widsith only grants a good buff 60% of the time (she doesn’t like Elemental Mastery, since she doesn’t exploit reactions well) and Lost Prayer doesn’t give the stats to compete. The drawback is that this weapon isn’t nearly as good on basically any other character. If you get this weapon, it better only be for Varesa.
Lost Prayer to the Sacred Winds
33.1% CRIT Rate
Increases Movement SPD by 10%. When in battle, gain an 8% Elemental DMG Bonus every 4s. Max 4 stacks. Lasts until the character falls or leaves combat.
Best Standard Banner Option
You’ll usually have between one and two stacks on this weapon for Varesa. She gains plenty of ATK from teammates and her own kit, so focusing on CRIT and DMG% buffs will be most efficient.
The Widsith (R5)
55.1% CRIT DMG
When the character takes the field, they will gain a random theme song for 10s. This can only occur once every 30s. Recitative: ATK is increased by 120%. Aria: Increases all Elemental DMG by 96%. Interlude: Elemental Mastery is increased by 480.
Best 4-Star Option
Generating energy for the team is quite a massive universal buff, and so nearly every support enjoys wielding a Favonius weapon. Its high base ATK stat is also great for ensuring Varesa can max out the ATK she can buff the party with.
Flowing Purity (R5)
55.1% CRIT DMG
When using an Elemental Skill, All Elemental DMG Bonus will be increased by 16% for 15s, and a Bond of Life worth 24% of Max HP will be granted. This effect can be triggered once every 10s. When the Bond of Life is cleared, every 1,000 HP cleared in the process will provide 4% All Elemental DMG Bonus, up to a maximum of 24%. This effect lasts 15s.
Craftable Option
This requires the help of healing teammates, but it’s on par with Battle Pass options and many of the worse 5-star choices while being perfectly free-to-play accessible.
Genshin Varesa's Best Artifacts
Sands
– ATK%
Goblet
– Electro DMG%
Circlet
– CRIT Rate/DMG
Artifact Set Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
4pc Long Night’s Oath
2pc: +25% Plunge DMG.
4pc: After the equipping character's Plunging Attack/Charged Attack/Elemental Skill hits an opponent, they will gain 1/2/2 stack(s) of "Radiance Everlasting." Plunging Attacks, Charged Attacks, or Elemental Skills can each trigger this effect once every 1s. Radiance Everlasting: Plunging Attacks deal 15% increased DMG for 6s. Max 5 stacks. Each stack's duration is counted independently
Best Overall Option
A hyper-specific artifact set that plainly gives 100% Plunge damage. This is a good amount better than Codex; enough to farm for this new set as opposed to Codex. Because Varesa ascends boosting her CRIT Rate, Codex will easily overcap her CRIT Rate as well.
4pc Obsidian Codex
2pc: +15% DMG when in Nightsoul’s Blessing.
4pc: After the equipping character consumes 1 Nightsoul point while on the field, CRIT Rate increases by 40% for 6s. This effect can trigger once every second.
Best Overall Option
Varesa will have all buffs active during all points of her field time where it matters.
Genshin Varesa's Best Teams
There isn’t really a set team for Varesa. You just want to pair Varesa with almost nothing but buffing teammates. You don’t need to worry about building around reactions, since Varesa isn’t good at reaction damage. The only exception for this is Chevreuse Overloaded teams, since Chevreuse demands only Pyro and Electro characters on the same team.
That said, Varesa has someone limited team options; this is the typical drawback of hypercarries.
Guide Character
Buffer/Flex
Buffer
Buffer/Healer
Specific Teammate Choices
Teammate Choices
Character Name
Notes
Character Name
Notes
Bennett
Pyro Support / Healer
C1+ Recommended
Huge Teamwide Flat ATK Buff
Rapid Healing Within AoE
Great Pyro energy supplier
Short Cooldowns on Skill/Burst
Accessible via Paimon's Bargains
Fischl
Electro Off-Field DPS
C6 Recommended
Works well with basically anyone
Exceptional Off-Field DMG
Snapshots normally-limited-time buffs, holding onto them for the entirety of her Skill or Burst duration.
Minimal field time required
Consistent Application
Excellent energy particle generation
Accessible via Paimon's Bargains
Iansan
Electro Support
Bennett-tier ATK buffing capabilities
Often wields Favonius weapons
(Very) minor healing
Often can buff the team with 40% DMG with 4pc Scroll of Cinder City
Best with mobile DPS characters.
Chevreuse
Overloaded Support
A mandatory teammate for Overloaded teams
Shreds Electro and Pyro resistances
Heals the active player over time
Often wields Favonius for particle generation
Furina
On-Field DPS
The Hydro Archon demands a dedicated healer
Massive universal damage-buffer for team
Impressive damage on top of her support capabilities
Xianyun
Anemo (De+)Buffer
Exceptional synergy with Gaming
Healing for party
Buffs to team’s Plunging Attacks
Debuffs with Viridescent Venerer
Xiangling
Off-Field DPS
Incredible synergy in any team Bennett is in.
At C6, outdamages many 5-stars.
Incredibly powerful Burst
No ICD on Pyro Application on Burst, allowing frequent reactions.
Accessible via Paimon’s Bargains
Mavuika
Pyro DPS
Incredible damage when paired with Natlan characters.
Slow Pyro application works well with Forward Melt reactions.
No energy requirements
Perhaps the strongest Pyro DPS at time of writing.
Up Next:
Genshin Impact Lan Yan Build Guide - Best Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
Previous
Genshin Iansan Build Guide - Best Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
Next
Genshin Impact Lan Yan Build Guide - Best Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
Top Guide Sections
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna IV Release Time and Details
Genshin Impact Luna III Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna II Release Date and Details
Was this guide helpful?
Leave feedback
In This Guide
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Initial Release:
Sep 27, 2020
+2
Learn more
Go to comments