Trending
Daredevil: Born Again Season 2
Crimson Desert
Invincible Season 4
Twitch
Seven Deadly Sins: Origin
Gaming
Genshin Impact
Best Faruzan Genshin Impact build: Artifacts, weapons, more
by
Andrew Amos
Published:
Jan 29, 2024, 17:47
Save for later
Save for later
HoYoverse
Get Notifications for Gaming News
Faruzan is a 4-star bow-wielding Anemo character in
Genshin Impact
. If you’re looking to add her to your team, here are our recommended artifacts, weapons, and more.
Faruzan serves as a professor of the Sumeru Akademiya and a member of the Haravatat Darshan. The Haravatar Darshan focuses on semiotics, including the study of ancient runes.
Faruzan can be an excellent choice for both buffing
Anemo
DMG and decreasing an enemy’s Anemo RES. However, you won’t reach her full potential until you manage to pull Faruzan’s sixth constellation.
Article continues after ad
To transform Faruzan into a formidable unit, keep reading to learn what artifacts and weapons we suggest farming for the character.
Faruzan abilities in Genshin Impact
Faruzan Constellations
Best Faruzan Artifacts in Genshin Impact
Best Faruzan weapon in Genshin Impact
Faruzan Talent Level-up and Ascension Materials
Faruzan Genshin Impact trailer
Best Faruzan team comp
Faruzan abilities in Genshin Impact
Faruzan is a 4-star character introduced in 3.3.
Normal Attack: Turnaround Shooter
Normal Attack: Performs up to 4 consecutive shots with a bow.
Charged Attack: Performs a more precise Aimed Shot with increased DMG. While aiming, mighty winds will accumulate on the arrowhead. A fully charged wind arrow will deal anemo damage.
Plunging Attack: Fires off a shower of arrows in mid-air before falling and striking the ground, hitting opponents along the pat and dealing AoE damage upon impact.
Elemental Skill: Wind Realm of Nasamjnin
Faruzan deploys a polyhedron that deals AoE Anemo DMG to nearby opponents. She will also enter the Manifest Gale state.
While in the Manifest Gale state, Faruzan’s next fully charged shot will consume this state and will become a Hurricane Arrow that deals Anemo DMG to opponents hit. This DMG will be considered Charged Attack DMG.
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
Pressurized Collapse:
The Hurricane Arrow will create a Pressurized Collapse effect at its point of impact, applying the Pressurized Collapse effect to the opponent or character hit. This effect will be removed after a short delay, creating a vortex that deals AoE Anemo DMG and pulls nearby objects and opponents in.
The vortex DMG is considered Elemental Skill DMG.
Elemental Burst: The Wind’s Secret Ways
Faruzan deploys a Dazzling Polyhedron that deals AoE Anemo DMG and releases a Whirlwind Pulse.
While the Dazzling Polyhedron persists, it will continuously move along a triangular path. Once it reaches each corner of that triangular path, it will unleash 1 more Whirlwind Pulse.
Related
Best One-Handed Sword build in Wuchang: Fallen Feathers
Best Daiyan build in Girls’ Frontline 2: Abilities, team comp & weapons
Genshin Impact tier list: Best characters as of update 5.4
Article continues after ad
Whirlwind Pulse:
When the Whirlwind Pulse hits opponents, it will apply Perfidious Wind’s Ruin to them, decreasing their Anemo RES.
The Whirlwind Pulse will also apply Prayerful Wind’s Gift to all nearby characters when it is unleashed, granting them Anemo DMG Bonus.
Faruzan Constellations
Lucky enough to get multiple copies of Faruzan? Here are what buffs you can expect from her constellations.
Level One – Truth by Any Means:
Faruzan can fire off a maximum of 2 Hurricane Arrows using fully charged Aimed Shots while under a single Wind Realm of Nasamjnin effect.
Level Two – Overzealous Intellect:
The duration of the Dazzling Polyhedron created by The Wind’s Secret Ways increased by 6s.
Level Three – Spirit-Orchard Stroll:
Increases Elemental Skill Level by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level Four – Divine Comprehension:
The vortex created by Wind Realm of Nasamjnin will restore Energy to Faruzan based on the number of opponents hit: If it hits 1 opponent, it will restore 2 Energy for Faruzan. Each additional opponent hit will restore 0.5 more Energy for Faruzan. A maximum of 4 Energy can be restored to her per vortex.
Level Five – Wonderland of Rumination:
Increases Elemental Burst Level by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level Six – The Wonderous Path of Truth:
Characters affected by The Wind’s Secret Ways‘ Prayerful Wind’s Gift have 40% bonus CRIT DMG when they deal Anemo DMG. When your own active character deals DMG while affected by Prayerful Wind’s Gift, they will fire another Hurricane Arrow at opponents. This effect can be triggered once every 2.5s.
Best Faruzan Artifacts in Genshin Impact
Faruzan can work with several artifact sets, but we recommend using
Viridescent Venerer
if you want her as a Swirl Support. You could also use the
Noblesse Oblige
set if you want to her as a buffer or
Tenacity of the Millelith
if you manage to acquire C6 Faruzan.
Article continues after ad
Artifact
Set Bonuses
Viridescent Venerer
2-piece set bonus
: Anemo DMG Bonus +15%
4-piece set bonus:
Increases Swirl DMG by 60%. Decreases opponent’s Elemental RES to the element infused in the Swirl by 40% for 10s.
Noblesse Oblige
2-piece set bonus
: Elemental Burst DMG +20%.
4-piece set bonus:
Using an Elemental Burst increases all party members’ ATK by 20% for 12s. This effect cannot stack.
Tenacity of the Millelith
2-piece set bonus
: HP +20%
4-piece set bonus:
When an Elemental Skill hits an opponent, the ATK of all nearby party members is increased by 20% and their Shield Strength is increased by 30% for 3s. This effect can be triggered once every 0.5s. This effect can still be triggered even when the character who is using this artifact set is not on the field.
Best Faruzan weapon in Genshin Impact
The best option for Faruzan is the 5-star bow
Elegy for the End.
This weapon increases her Elemental Mastery by 60 and could further improve it by another 100 in addition to increasing ATK by 20% for 12 seconds.
Article continues after ad
You could also place the
Skyward Harp
on Faruzan to increase her CRIT DMG and have the possibility of inflicting a small AoE attack. For a 4-star alternative, we recommend using the
Favonius Warbow
for a chance to regenerate energy.
Weapon
Details
Elegy for the End
Increased Elemental Mastery by 60. Gain sigils when dealing damage with Elemental Skill or Burst every .2s even when off-field. At 4 sigils, all sigils will be consumed and Elemental Mastery is increased by 100 and ATK increased by 20% for 12s. Once the effect is triggered, you cannot gain Sigils for 20s. The same buffs from the Millennial Movement series does not stack.
Skyward Harp
Increases CRIT DMG by 20%. Hits have a 60% chance to inflict a small AoE attack, dealing 125% Physical ATK DMG. Can only occur once every 4s.
Favonius Warbow
CRIT Hits have a 60% chance to generate a small amount of Elemental Particles, which will regenerate 6 Energy for the character. Can only occur once every 12s.
Faruzan Talent Level-up and Ascension Materials
The following tables contain the materials you’ll need to level up Faruzan’s Talents and fully ascend the character:
Ascension Level
Mora Cost
Materials
1
20000
Vayuda Turquoise Silver x3
Henna Berry x3
Faded Red Satin x3
2
40000
Vayuda Turquoise Fragment x 3
Light Guiding Tetrahedron x2
Henna Berry x10
Faded Red Satin x15
3
60000
Vayuda Turquoise Fragment x6
Light Guiding Tetrahedron  x4
Henna Berry x20
Trimmed Red Silk x12
4
80000
Vayuda Turquoise Chunk x3
Light Guiding Tetrahedron  x8
Henna Berry x30
Trimmed Red Silk x18
5
100000
Vayuda Turquoise Chunk x6
Light Guiding Tetrahedron  x12
Henna Berry x45
Rich Red Brocade x12
6
120000
Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone x6
Light Guiding Tetrahedron  x20
Henna Berry x60
Rich Red Brocade x24
Talent Level-up materials
Talent level-up materials
Teachings of Admonition x9
Guide to Admonition x63
Philosophies of Admonition x114
Common materials
Faded Red Satin x18
Trimmed Red Silk x66
Rich Red Brocade x93
Boss materials
Puppet Strings x18
Faruzan Genshin Impact trailer
If you’re wanting to watch Faruzan’s character demo, you can check out the video below:
Article continues after ad
Best Faruzan team comp
We recommend placing Faruzan alongside teammates like
Wanderer,
Xiangling
, and Bennett
to buff the Pyro and Anemo users with the Viridescent Venerer artifact set. You could also replace
Wanderer
with
Heizou
if you haven’t been lucky enough to pull the former character.
Article continues after ad
You could also add Faruzan to a Mono Anemo team consisting of
Wanderer, Jean, and Bennett
to take advantage of Faruzan’s Anemo RES ability.
That’s everything you need to know about our recommended build for Faruzan. In the meantime, check out our other Genshin Impact build guides below:
Article continues after ad
Best Yae Miko build
|
Best Shenhe build
|
Best Albedo Build
|
Best Hu Tao build
|
Best Childe Build
|
Best Kokomi build
|
Best Raiden Shogun build
|
Best Ayaka build
|
Best Aloy build
|
Best Ganyu build
|
Best Diluc build
|
Best Yoimiya build
|
Best Klee build
|
Best Eula build
More
Genshin Impact
News
Add as a preferred source on Google
Follow on Google News
Featured Articles
TikTok
TikToker’s viral search for soulmate “Mike” takes brutal turn after his wife responds
World of Warcraft
How many people play World of Warcraft in 2026?
Pokemon
Best Ultra League team in Pokemon Go season 26
Fortnite
What is the rarest emote in Fortnite? Top 20 list in 2026
Pokemon
Best Master League team in Pokemon Go season 26
Sign up to Dexerto
For The latest News, Views & Reviews
Better Reading Experience
|
Save Your Favourite Items
Sign up