Genshin Impact: Faruzan Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
By
Christina Roffe
Published
Dec 13, 2022, 10:30 AM EST
Christina Roffe is a Guides Specialist from the United States. She has experience writing on games ranging from Nintendo titles to PlayStation titles. She is especially knowledgeable in anything Nintendo and Genshin Impact. Building new characters in Genshin Impact is one of her favorite things to do.
Sign in to your
DualShockers
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Faruzan Best Builds & Artifact Sets
Faruzan's Best 5-Star & 4-Star Weapons
Faruzan's Best Team Compositions
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Faruzan is a professor at the Sumeru Akademiya and is incredibly knowledgeable of ancient scripts and machines in
Genshin Impact
. She was exposed to remnants of King Deshret's power, which allows her to consistently see into Sumeru's past.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Ayato Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Faruzan is a
4-Star Anemo character
who can be a fantastic Support to any team. Her abilities allow for consistent Anemo application and will buff the rest of her team's Anemo DMG. Below, we have gone over the best build for Faruzan to welcome her to your team.
Faruzan Best Builds & Artifact Sets
Faruzan is best in
the Support role
, especially with teams that are
focused on Anemo and creating strong Swirl Reactions.
Faruzan gives a significant boost to her team's Anemo DMG and also will decrease enemies' Anemo RES, making Anemo attacks even stronger. As a Support, here is the best Artifact Set you can go with to increase her abilities.
4-Set Of Viridescent Venerer
A 2-Set of Viridescent Venerer will give Faruzan a 15 percent increase to her Anemo DMG Bonus. A 4-Set will increase Swirl DMG by 60 percent. It also decreases enemies' Elemental RES to the element infused in the Swirl Reaction by 40 percent for 10 seconds. Not only does Faruzan already decrease enemies' Anemo RES, but this Artifact Set will also allow her to
decrease the resistance enemies have to the Element that is present in her Swirl Reaction, therefore increasing the strength of her teammate's elements as well.
To increase the potential of this Artifact Set even further, here are the main stats and substats you should look out for in each individual piece.
Type of Artifact
Main Stat
Substats
Sands of Eon
Energy Recharge or ATK%
CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, Energy Recharge, ATK%
Goblet of Eonothem
Anemo DMG Bonus
CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, Energy Recharge, ATK%
Circlet of Logos
CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, or Energy Recharge
CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, Energy Recharge, ATK%
Making sure to increase Faruzan's Energy Recharge as much as possible is incredibly important, so you can always have access to her Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst.
These abilities are what will give your team its Attack Buff, so it is crucial to Faruzan's build to have these readily available.
Increasing her ATK stat will also raise the strength of her Normal and Charged Attacks,
which can be quite useful to attack enemies that are in the air.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Dori Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Faruzan's Best 5-Star & 4-Star Weapons
When choosing the right weapon for Faruzan, it is best to focus on increasing her
Energy Recharge, CRIT DMG, or CRIT Rate. Energy Recharge will keep her Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst available to you, while CRIT Rate and CRIT DMG will increase the damage dealt from her abilities.
Here are some of the best weapons you can go for when building Faruzan.
5-Star Weapons: Elegy for the End & Polar Star
Elegy for the End will give a base increase of 12 percent to Faruzan's Energy Recharge. Its Special Skill will increase Elemental Mastery by 60. It will also gain sigils when dealing damage with an Elemental Skill or Elemental Burst every 0.2 seconds even when off the field. When it reaches 4 sigils, they will all be consumed and Elemental Mastery will increase by 100 and ATK will increase by 20 percent for 12 seconds. When the effect is triggered, you cannot gain sigils for 20 seconds. This weapon is a
great all-rounder for Faruzan, boosting her Energy Recharge, Elemental Mastery, and ATK, allowing her to assist her team with strong Swirl Reactions and solid Normal and Charged Attacks.
Polar Star will give a base increase of 7.2 percent to Faruzan's CRIT Rate. Its Special Skill will increase Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst DMG by 12 percent. Also, after a Normal Attack, Charged Attack, Elemental Skill, or Elemental Burst hits an enemy, one stack of Ashen Nightstar will be gained for 12 seconds. With each stack, ATK will increase by 10 percent, 20 percent, 30 percent, and 48 percent. The stack of Ashen Nightstar created by the Normal Attack, Charged Attack, Elemental Skill, or Elemental Burst will be counted independently of the others. This weapon is ideal if you want to
build up Faruzan's overall damage as much as possible.
All of her abilities will benefit from this weapon with the
increase to CRIT Rate and Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst DMG.
4-Star Weapons: Favonious Warbow & Sacrificial Bow
The Favonious Warbow will give a base increase of 13.3 percent of Energy Recharge. Its Special Skill will allow CRIT Hits to have a 60 percent chance to generate a small amount of Elemental Particles, which will regenerate 6 energy for Faruzan. This can only occur once every 12 seconds. Favonious Warbow is a
great Free-to-Play option
, as you can get it by
completing A Long Shot in Prologue Act III.
You can also get it regularly in Wish Banners. It is a great choice to
keep Faruzan's Energy up as much as possible, making her Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst always available.
Sacrificial Bow will give Faruzan a base increase of 6.7 percent to her Energy Recharge. Its Special Skill allows her Elemental Skill to gain a 40 percent chance to end its own cool down after damaging an opponent. This can only occur once every 30 seconds. This weapon is particularly
useful for Faruzan's Elemental Skill, which will deal a decent amount of Anemo DMG in a wide Area of Effect.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Lisa Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Faruzan's Best Team Compositions
Faruzan can be a great Support character to enhance the rest of her team's attacks,
especially Anemo characters
.
She can take her teammate's Elemental DMG to the next level with her Swirl Reactions, especially if she has the 4-Set of Viridescent Venerer.
To pick out the right team, either 5-Star or 4-Star, keep reading our findings below.
5-Star Team
This team is especially
focused on buffing Wanderer's abilities as an Anemo Main DPS.
Faruzan will provide significant Attack buffs to his Anemo DMG, while also decreasing enemies' Anemo RES.
Character
Character Type and Benefits
Wanderer (Scaramouche)
Main DPS, Can provide significant Anemo DMG through Normal Attacks and Elemental Skill.
Jean
Support, Can provide additional Anemo DMG and significant healing.
Yelan
Sub-DPS, Can provide Attack buffs with Elemental Burst and significant Hydro DMG for Swirl Reactions.
4-Star Team
This team will allow Faruzan to
create large Swirl Reactions along with Heizou
, who can increase the damage from both Bennett and Xiangling's Pyro attacks. This will allow Pyro to spread far on the battlefield, while also allowing the team to
receive Attack buffs from both Bennett and Faruzan.
Character
Character Type and Benefits
Bennett
Support, Can provide significant healing and Attack buffs.
Heizou
Main DPS, Can provide additional Anemo DMG and create Swirl Reactions.
Xiangling
Sub-DPS, Can provide consistent Pyro application to enhance Swirl Reactions and can create Pyro Resonance with Bennett.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: All Tri-Lakshana Creatures & How To Use Them
Video Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Whose Section Did You Enjoy Playing The Most In Resident Evil Requiem?
Grace
Grace
54.5%
Leon
Leon
45.5%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Gray Zone Warfare Launches Big Discount to Celebrate Its Resurgence
The Elden Ring Theory that Changes Everything about The Shattering
10 JRPGs that were Way Too Ambitious for the Hardware they Originally Released On