Home
»
Genshin Impact
»
Guides
»
Genshin Impact Faruzan Best Build Guide
Genshin Impact Faruzan Best Build Guide
Here's everything you need to build the best Faruzan, the century-old Akademiya researcher, joining Genshin Impact in Version 3.3. This includes detailed information on Faruzan's best weapons, what order you should prioritise levelling up her Talents, what team compositions she best works in and more.
Jack Carson
2022-12-07
All content for:
Genshin Impact
Alongside the long-awaited return of Scaramouche as a playable character, Version 3.3 of
Genshin Impact
has also bought with it a brand new 4-star character in the form of
Faruzan
. Armed with an Anemo Vision, a Bow and 100 years of knowledge, Faruzan is a researcher for the Akademiya. She has won numerous awards and achievements for her work in the past, but after being trapped in stasis for over a century, a lot of her work now seems dated and obsolete.
As a playable character, Faruzan joins the ranks of the many support units in
Genshin Impact
. She has the unique ability to enhance the damage of her Anemo allies and decrease the Anemo RES of her foes. Faruzan feels perfectly built to help support the main Anemo DPS characters in
Genshin Impact’s
roster.
Here’s everything you need to best build Faruzan in
Genshin Impact
. This will include her best weapons and team compositions, what artifact set and stats you should be farming for, an overview of her abilities and Talents and more.
Want more
Genshin Impact
articles and guides? You can find more here on KeenGamer:
Genshin Impact
Wanderer (Scaramouche) Best Build Guide
Genshin Impact
Nahida Best Build Guide
Genshin Impact
Cyno Best Build Guide
Genshin Impact:
All Sumeru City Riddle Answers and Locations
6 Secret
Genshin Impact
Achievements and Chests You Likely Missed in Sumeru
Table of Contents
hide
Who is Faruzan in Genshin Impact?
How Do You Get Faruzan?
Faruzan Ascension Materials
Faruzan Ability Overview
Faruzan’s Passives
Talent Priority
Best Weapons
The Ideal Choice
Replacement Options
Best Artifact Sets for Faruzan
The Stats You Want
Best Faruzan Team Compositions
Anemo Support Team
Anemo Wanderer Team
Budget Team
Who is Faruzan in Genshin Impact?
Faruzan is a Sumeru scholar who belongs to the Akademiya. Specifically, she resides in the school of the Haravatat, whose domain of research revolves heavily around machinery and ancient code. Once, 100 years ago, Faruzan was said to be almost prodigious and an immensely talented researcher.
However, after delving into a set of unknown ruins, Faruzan found herself trapped by a puzzle. By the time she eventually solved said puzzle, 100 years had passed and Faruzan had been locked in stasis. In the present day, she is a century-old researcher working off of obsolete and out-of-date information as she tries to make it in the modern world.
“Much of Haravatat’s research revolves around a vast array of ancient scripts and codes, which many scholars find tedious and unbearable. However, this doesn’t seem to be a problem for Madam Faruzan.”
“These incompetent students skim through some scripts for a few days and are already moaning and groaning. Ahem, I have been researching it for a whole hundred years!”
Character Demo – Faruzan: Master of Ingenious Devices
How Do You Get Faruzan?
Faruzan is a new 4-star Anemo Bow character. As such, she is technically available on every summonable Banner in the game.
However, the chance to pull her on the Standard Banner is very low, as she is competing with every other 4-star character and weapon in the game. Meanwhile, on the Unique Character Banner, if she isn’t one of the featured 4-star options, her pull rate is insanely low.
The best way to get your hands on a copy of Faruzan is to summon a Unique Character Banner while she is one of the three featured 4-star units. In this situation, her drop rate is far higher and you will have a much better chance.
So far, Faruzan has appeared on the following Banners:
Reborn from Ashes
(Wanderer’s First Banner) – December 7th 2022 – December 27th 2022
From Ashes Reborn
Faruzan Ascension Materials
To get from Ascension level 1 to level 90, Faruzan needs the following materials:
Henna Berry
(Sumeru Speciality)
Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone
(Anemo Elemental Gemstone)
Faded Red Satin
(Enemy Drop)
Light Guiding Tetrahedron
(World Boss Drop)
The
Henna Berry
is a plant found in the Deshret Desert of Sumeru. These are small red plants which grow on the various forms of cacti that spring up throughout the Desert. They are sprinkled throughout the entire Desert, but a good collection of Henna Berries can be found around Aaru Village. If you happen to have the 5-star Dendro character Tighnari, his Passive Talent
Encyclopedic Knowledge
highlights Henna Berries and other Sumeru specialities on the mini-map. If you don’t have Tighnari (or just want an exact location) you can use either the
Teyvat Interactive Map
or
Genshin Impact Interactive Map
.
Faded Red Satin
is the lowest rarity drop from the Eremite enemies. These are a roaming faction of enemies that patrol both the rainforests and the desert of Sumeru looking for trouble and work. When defeated, they will drop the Faded Red Satin and its higher rarity options. You can use the Adventurer’s Guide to help locate large groups of Eremites, but wandering around Sumeru for long enough will often have you stumbling across a group or two. In total, Faruzan asks for
18 Faded Red Satin, 30 Trimmed Red Silk
and
36 Rich Red Brocade.
The
Light Guiding Tetrahedron
is a world boss material dropped by the
Semi-Intranscient Matrices
, a massive ancient machine found inside of a pyramid in the Deshret Desert. This boss functions similarly to the smaller machines, where Dendro, Quicken and Aggravate Elemental Reactions quickly work to subdue or stun it. Faruzan needs a total of
46 Light Guiding Tetrahedrons
to Ascend to level 90.
Lastly, you will need
Vayuda Turquoise Gemstones
. All characters in
Genshin Impact
require a specific type of Elemental Gemstone to level up, and Faruzan is no different. As an Anemo character, she needs the Vayuda Turquoise variant. You can easily acquire this by defeating Anemo-aligned world bosses (like the Anemo Hypostasis) or by getting lucky on the Daily Commission drop. You can also use the Alchemy Table to craft higher rarity Gems or transmute other Elemental Gems into the ones you need. Overall, Faruzan needs
1 Vayuda Turquoise Sliver, 9 Vayuda Turquoise Fragments, 9 Vayuda Turquoise Chunks
and
6 Vayuda Turquoise Gemstones.
Finally, like all
Genshin Impact
characters, Faruzan needs a certain amount of Mora and EXP. Specifically, she needs
420k Mora
and
416 Hero’s Wit EXP Books
, or their equivalent.
Faruzan
Faruzan Ability Overview
As an Anemo Bow, Faruzan is an interesting new character. This is mostly because she is a supporting character for a specific element, heightening the powers and capabilities of those belonging to that element dramatically. However, outside of Anemo compositions, she may be found a bit lacking as a result of this pin-point focus.
Her Normal Attack is called
Parthian Shot
. This is a standard Bow Normal Attack with a 4-hit neutral combo and the ability to perform a Charged Aimed Attack. When fired, this Charged Attack will deal Anemo DMG as opposed to Physical. As a Support, Faruzan’s Norma Attacks aren’t the most important but they do still matter, as it relates to her Elemental Skill.
Normal Attack
Speaking of, Faruzan’s Elemental Skill is called the
Wind Realm of Nasamjnin
. Faruzan deploys a small polyhedron onto the field, which detonates and deals Anemo AoE DMG to those it comes into contact with. After activation, Faruzan will gain the
Manifest Gale State
, signified by a small floating pyramid by her side. While this state is active, her next Charged Shot will become a
Hurricane Arrow
, dealing higher Anemo damage as well as causing the
Pressurized Collapse
effect.
When an enemy is struck by Hurricane Arrow, they will be afflicted with Pressurized Collapse. After a few seconds, this effect will detonate, creating a damaging vortex of Anemo AoE DMG that pulls in nearby opponents. If you do not strike a target directly (and instead hit the ground or a structure) the Pressurized Collapse and vortex will go off at the point of impact.
Elemental Skill
Hurricane Arrow
Finally, Faruzan’s Elemental Burst is called
The Wind’s Secret Ways
. Upon activation, Faruzan deploys a
Dazzling Polyhedron
onto the field which moves in a triangular pattern on a fixed path. On activation and whenever it reaches a corner on that triangular path, it will unleash a burst of AoE Anemo DMG as well as a
Whirlwind Pulse
.
Whirlwind Pulses decrease the Anemo RES (30% reduction) of an enemy hit by inflicting them with the
Perfidious Wind’s Bale
effect for 4s. Additionally, the Whirlwind Pulses also buff the player character by granting the bonus
Prayerful Wind’s Benefit
. This increases Anemo DMG by up to 34% (at Talent level 10) for 4s.
Elemental Burst
Faruzan’s Passives
Like most other
Genshin Impact
characters, Faruzan has 3 core Passive Talents. The first is a Passive which is active from level 1. Meanwhile, her Ascension 2 and Ascension 4 Talents must be unlocked by reaching those specific Ascension Ranks (level 20-40 and level 70-80, respectively).
Her first Passive is
Tomes Light the Path.
Faruzan gains 25% more rewards when dispatched on a Sumeru Expedition for 20 hours.
Next up is
Impetuous Flow
. When Faruzan is in the Manifest Gale State (which is granted by her Elemental Skill), the amount of time taken to charge an Aimed Shot is decreased by 60%. Additionally, she can apply the
Perfidious Wind’s Bale
effect to any enemy hit by Pressurized Collapse, decreasing the Anemo RES of any enemy hit by 30% for 4s.
Lastly is
Lost Wisdom of the Seven Caverns
. When a character affected by the
Prayerful Wind’s Gift
buff uses a Normal, Charged or Plunging Attack or an Elemental Burst or Skill, they will gain the
Hurricane Guard
effect. This increases the DMG of the next attacks by 32% of Faruzan’s Base ATK (without Artifact or set bonuses) for 4s.
Head of the Class
Talent Priority
The next section will discuss what order you should level Faruzan’s Talents. As she is primarily a Support unit, these recommendations will carry over from build to build.
First, though, you will need the following materials to level up any of Faruzan’s Talents:
Teachings/Guides/Philosophies of Admonition
(Sumeru Talent Book)
Faded Red Satin
(Enemy Drop)
The
Puppet Strings
Weekly Boss Drop from the Scaramouche Puppet Fight.
Next, let’s discuss the priority order for Faruzan’s Talents:
1. The Wind’s Secret Ways
(Elemental Burst)
Faruzan’s Elemental Burst is her most direct way of aiding the team, both by buffing her allies and rebuffing her opponents. The Burst itself does okay damage and lasts for a decent length of time, all the while raising the Anemo DMG of Faruzan’s teammates and lowering the Anemo RES of her foes. This is the main use case for Faruzan as a unit – a mega Support specifically built for Anemo and Swirl teams – and her Burst is the most direct way of doing this.
It is also the most disconnected from the rest of her kit. Unlike her Normal Attack and Elemental Skill, there isn’t a ton of synergy between her Burst and other elements of her kit. This isn’t a bad thing, either, as it means that you can solely focus on levelling her Burst and still have her be very effective in battle.
While Faruzan has a limited number of possible team compositions thanks to her unique attributes, it is in those teams where her Burst in particular will shine the most. The Anemo RES decrease will keep her teammates punching through enemies quickly while the Anemo DMG buff will raise that bar even higher. Faruzan’s
The Wind’s Secret Ways
should certainly be your focus when levelling up her Talents.
Future in the Palm of her Hand
2. Wind Realm of Nasamjnin
(Elemental Skill)
Compared to the menagerie of effects and bonuses that the Burst gives, the
Wind Realm of Nasamjnin
can be a bit lacking at first glance. First, it is tied (at least partly) to her Normal Attack, which is the weakest part of her kit. Second, it focuses more on grouping and damage than pure debuffing, which can be tricky in some situations.
However, despite this, it is still an instrumental part of Faruzan’s playstyle. The ability to quickly group enemies, preparing them for another character’s Burst or Skill, is invaluable in settings like the Spiral Abyss. Additionally, the synergy that it shares with the Normal Attack, while weak in terms of pure damage, is great at making the battlefield bow to you and your team.
Pair this with her Ascension 2 Talent
Impetuous Flow
to decrease enemy Anemo RES without needing her Burst, and (if you’re lucky enough) her first Constellation
Truth by Any Means
which gives her a second Hurricane Arrow per Skill activation, and Faruzan can dominate the battlefield. She will never deal insane damage or stupidly high numbers: what she will do, is easily set up the situation for characters like Xiao or Wanderer to sweep the field in her stead.
Student of the Akademiya
3. Parthian Shot
(Normal Attack)
Last up is her Normal Attack. Faruzan is a Support unit and, aside from using her Hurricane Arrows, she will have very little use for her Normal Attacks. Unlike characters like Yoimiya, they don’t have very high damage and you will be swapping Faruzan in and out so you can utilise her buffing and debuffing. There is very little reason to focus on levelling this Talent.
The only real reason would be to increase the damage of Faruzan’s Hurricane Arrows. Despite being a byproduct of her Elemental Skill, they still scale off of her Normal Attack damage. However, the damage is not the reason to use the Hurricane Arrows, the CC and debuffing are why you should use it. Having higher damage is
nice
, but it should never be the priority with Faruzan. As such, Faruzan’s Elemental Skill and especially her Elemental Burst simply take priority over her Normal Attack.
Stylish Sharpshooter
Best Weapons
As a Support-oriented character, Faruzan has fewer options than pure DPS or battery characters in
Genshin Impact
. However, Bows still have plenty of choices for Faruzan to pick from and make use of.
The Ideal Choice
The ideal choice for Faruzan is the
Elegy for the End
5-star Bow. You need to Wish on the Unique Weapon Banner when this Bow is featured to grab it.
The
Elegy for the End
has a Base ATK of 608 with an Energy Recharge Substat of 55%. Its weapon skill is
The Parting Refrain.
First, it natively increases the user’s Elemental Mastery by 60 points. Second, the equipped character gains the
Sigil of Remembrance
whenever they hit with an Elemental Burst or Skill. Once you have acquired 4 Sigils of Remembrance, they will be converted into the
Milennia Movement: Farewell Song
buff instead: here, Elemental Mastery is increased by 100 and ATK by 20% for 12s.
For Faruzan, this Bow gives her a bit of extra damage to help her out in endgame fights. The main prize, though, is the bonus Elemental Mastery and the extra Energy Recharge. The bonus ER from the substat will continually allow Faruzan to get her Burst back super quick (especially when utilising Swirl), letting her debuff and buff to her heart’s content. Meanwhile, the extra Elemental Mastery benefits not only herself but the other Anemo characters who will be serving as the main DPS. High EM means higher Swirl damage, something that Faruzan and her team will be built around, so the
Elegy for the End
simply makes Faruzan’s job far easier.
If you happen to have the
Elegy for the End
consider giving it to your Faruzan. She will appreciate it very much.
Elegy for the End
Replacement Options
What if you don’t have the
Elegy for the End
, though? What then? Luckily, there are plenty of other options that Faruzan can utilise.
Do be wary that all the following options are 4-star in rarity. 5-star weapons are likely going to perform better and be stronger in most circumstances. They generally have higher base stats and stronger weapon skills. If you have a 5-star weapon like the
Skyward Harp
, give them a go on Faruzan before committing to a 4-star option.
The recommended replacement options for Faruzan are
the Sacrificial Bow, the Fading Twilight
and
the Favonius Warbow
.
The
Sacrificial Bow
is part of the Sacrificial series of weapons available via Wishing. It has a Base ATK 565 and an Energy Recharge substat 30% with the weapon skill
Composed
. After damaging an opponent with an Elemental Skill, there is a 40% (up to 80% at R5) chance for the Skill to end its CD. For Faruzan, this means that she will continually have access to her Hurricane Arrows, the ability to pull enemies together in a vortex and she can continue to debuff the enemy’s Anemo RES. Pair this with the generous amount of Energy Recharge the weapon provides, and Faruzan can continue her Support role splendidly with the
Sacrificial Bow.
The Sacrificial Bow
Next up is the
Fading Twilight
, a Bow originally acquired from Version 2.7. It has a Base ATK of 565 and an Energy Recharge substat of 30%. The weapon skill
Radiance of the Deep
has three states: Evengleam, Afterglow and Dawnblaze. These states increase DMG dealt by 6%/10%/14% respectively (at R1) and the equipped character can switch states every 7s. At first glance, the bonus ATK may seem wasted on Faruzan. However, from her A4 Passive, Faruzan grants an ATK bonus based on her ATK so having a decently high ATK stat is still good to have on Faruzan. Additionally, once again, the bonus ER means more Bursts and more debuffing.
Finally, the
Favonius Warbow.
You can summon this weapon from Wishing. It has a Base ATK of 454 and an Energy Recharge substat of 61%. The weapon skill,
Windfall
, allows CRIT Hits to have a 60% (at R1) chance to generate a small number of Elemental Particles, equivalent to 6 Energy for the on-field character’s Burst. While a tad weaker in Base ATK than some of the other options, the huge ER substat and the ability to continually generate more Burst Energy through the weapon skill make the
Favonius Warbow
a great pick for Faruzan. You will need to invest a bit more into CRIT Rate than in other builds, though, so keep that in mind.
The Favonius Warbow
Best Artifact Sets for Faruzan
One area where her Supportive nature gives Faruzan a lot of options is in her artifact choice. There are a lot of great choices to help elevate different parts of her kit and playstyle.
The main three sets you’ll be going for all require all 4-Pieces to be truly effective. Those sets are
Viridescent Venerer
,
Emblem of Severed Fate
and
Noblesse Oblige.
Viridescent Venerer
will allow Faruzan to play more into the rebuffing side of her kit with her Burst and Hurricane Arrows.
2-Piece Viridescent
simply increases Anemo DMG dealt by 15%, which is never a bad thing. Meanwhile,
4-Piece Viridescent
increases Swirl damage by 60% while also decreasing the Elemental RES of enemies hit by Swirl by 40%. Pair this debuff effect with Faruzan’s Burst and the
Perfidious Wind’s Bale
effect, and you can have up to 70% Anemo RES reduction on a target. This would allow Anemo Carries like Wanderer or Xiao to do insane amounts of damage. The main downside with this set bonus is that Faruzan has to be the one who gets off the Swirl, meaning that the Elemental Reaction damage may be a bit on the lower side. Still, it will often be worth the trade-off.
Next is the
Emblem of Severed Fate
, an Inazuman set based around Energy Recharge. This set is built to sustain and help Faruzan get her Burst back as quickly as possible. The
2-Piece
bonus increases Energy Recharge by 20%.
4-Piece Emblem of Severed Fate
increases Elemental Burst DMG by 25% of your Energy Recharge. You will be stacking a lot of ER on Faruzan so that she can get her Burst back as often as possible, so having this set bonus grant her more damage for that ER is not a bad pick. While it isn’t the flashiest effect and it only aids her Burst, this is still a great set to pick if you are going all in.
Lastly,
Noblesse Oblige
is another set built to make the best use of Faruzan’s Burst, but differently to
Emblem of Severed Fate
. The
2-Piece
bonus simply increases Elemental Burst DMG by 20%.
4-Piece Noblesse
grants a 20% ATK bonus to all party members after using an Elemental Burst. For Faruzan, this zeroes in on her potential as a buffer, granting an additional ATK bonus via her artifacts. This stacks on top of the ATK bonus she natively gives from her A4 Passive. As such,
Noblesse
is a great pick if you want to fully commit to having Faruzan as a switch-in, switch-out Support unit, buffing and debuffing those around her.
Enigmatic Machinist
The Stats You Want
The main stats that you’ll be looking for on Faruzan are:
Energy Recharge
Elemental Mastery
CRIT Rate
Energy Recharge is the most important stat on Faruzan. As previously discussed, her main benefit to the team is via her Burst as it can debuff and buff those around her. As such, having high Energy Recharge allows Faruzan to have her Burst back as soon as possible, continuing the cycle of stripping the RES off of enemies, while granting an ATK bonus to her allies in turn. There’s honestly not much else to it – the higher her ER, the better Support Faruzan becomes. Focus on Energy Recharge.
Next up is Elemental Mastery. As an Anemo unit,  Faruzan has access to one of the best Elemental Reactions in the game with Swirl. The damage of Swirl is based on how high your EM stat is, and you will be doing a lot of Swirl damage with Faruzan whether you intend to or not. As such, having high EM will make the Elemental Reaction DMG you deal with Faruzan skyrocket in terms of damage, giving her another way to be useful in any Anemo team composition.
Last but not least is her CRIT Rate. You may be surprised that ATK is not here. Faruzan’s A4 ATK buff only works off of her Base ATK, not any additional % ATK bonuses granted by Artifacts. Following that, CRIT Rate is the next best option: her Burst and Skill attack multiple times and have the potential to do pretty decent damage at high CRIT Rates. Additionally, having a higher CRIT Rate will allow Faruzan to wield weapons like the Favonius Warbow more effectively.
One final note. Consider picking up an Anemo DMG Bonus Goblet for Faruzan. The only part of her kit that deals Physical DMG is her regular Normal Attack – every other part deals Anemo DMG. With an Anemo DMG Goblet, Faruzan can add an extra 40%+ Anemo damage to all of her moves, making her even better as an Anemo Support.
Style and Flair
Best Faruzan Team Compositions
The following section will detail several possible team compositions for Faruzan. The final team is a Budget Team where every character (bar Faruzan) is free.
In all of the following teams, Faruzan will take up the role of Anemo Support. Because Anemo is tied so heavily to her support capabilities, every team will have an Anemo DPS in some way shape or form.
Anemo Support Team
This team consists of Faruzan, Shikanoin Heizou, Fischl and Kuki Shinobu.
Shikanoin Heizou is our main Anemo DPS. Heizou is an up-close brawler who deals continuous Swirl and Anemo DMG via his Normal Attacks, making him a great character to pair with Faruzan. Her Burst will buff him and strip the enemies of their Anemo RES, allowing Heizou to tear them apart with the aid of the Electro from the other two teammates. Additionally, Faruzan and Heizou together give the entire team access to the Anemo Resonance buff, boosting movement speed and decreasing Skill CD and stamina consumption.
Fischl is here as our off-filed DPS and direct support to Heizou. Her Elemental Skill summons Oz to shoot Electro at nearby enemies, giving Heizou (and Faruzan) easy access to Electro for their Swirl Reactions. Oz lasts for a considerable amount of time and Fischl doesn’t have to be on the field. This easily gives Heizou enough time to do all the damage he can in those short, sharp bursts of time.
Last up we have Kuki Shinobu. She is mainly serving as our healer, keeping the entire team alive with her Elemental Skill. However, said Skill also gives Heizou a constant ring of Electro that can be used for Swirl, making him a powerful walking time bomb. Pair that with Faruzan’s constant Bursts and strong debuffing potential, and this team can easily shred through most content.
Anemo Support Team
Anemo Wanderer Team
This team consists of Faruzan, Wanderer, Yae Miko and Bennett.
In this team, Wanderer is our main DPS. He fights at a mid-range with sharp Wind Blades and can take excellent advantage of the Pyro and Electro Elements in this team using his Elemental Skill. Wanderer has near-constant access to weakened enemies while being massively buffed himself thanks to Faruzan and her Burst.
Next up is Yae Miko. Similar to Fischl from the previous team, she serves as our main off-field DPS to compliment Wanderer. Her Elemental Skill is super strong and destructive all on its own, but when paired with Wanderer and Faruzan’s ability to Swirl, it becomes even better. The Wanderer can also make use of her Electro to buff his Elemental Skill, giving him more Energy and access to more Bursts in turn.
The last up is Bennett. He serves a few purposes in this team. The first is as the team’s healer via his Burst (which also happens to grant a 20% ATK buff to those standing inside of it, making Wanderer hit even harder). The second is that his Pyro allows Wanderer to tap into another 20% ATK buff using his Elemental Skill, making his Swirl damage and Normal Attack damage skyrocket. Alongside Yae and the debuffing potential of Faruzan, this team can be devastating in the right hands.
Anemo Wanderer Team
Budget Team
This team consists of Faruzan, Anemo Traveller, Xiangling and Barbara. Aside from Faruzan, you will earn the other three members of this team for free.
Anemo Traveller serves as our stand-in for an Anemo DPS. While not as innately strong as Heizou or Wanderer, they do still pack a punch with their Skill and Burst. Both have high Swirl potential and hit several times, making great use of the lower Anemo RES and Anemo DMG Buff from Faruzan’s Burst. Once again, two Anemo characters also give the team access to the Anemo Resonance, as well.
Xiangling is next and she is our off-field DPS. Her Elemental Skill and her Elemental Burst are both great at burning the enemy and inflicting Pyro. Her Burst in particular will excel in giving Traveller and Faruzan easy access to a source of Pyro for their Swirl Reactions. Even just on her own, Xiangling is a great backup DPS who can hit surprisingly hard.
Last but certainly not least is Barbara. She is our team’s healer, keeping everyone alive and healthy. However, she also acts as an immediate source of Hydro via her Normal Attacks and her Elemental Skill, once again granting another Elemental source for Swirl. While this team lacks the direct firepower of the previous two teams, it more than makes up for it in terms of approachability and potential for high play and damage.
Budget Team
That is everything you need to best build Faruzan in
Genshin Impact
.
Best Guides for Genshin Impact
Mavuika Build Guide | Mavuika Best Weapons, Artifacts, Teams
5 Ways to Fix the Genshin Impact “Connection Timed Out” Error on Windows PCs
Yumemizuki Mizuki Drip Marketing Released for Genshin Impact 5.4
Voices We May Not Hear During Lantern Rite
After Over 600 Days, Shenhe is Finally Getting a Rerun in Genshin Impact 5.3
Top 10 Genshin Impact OST That Will Enrich Your Playlist
Lan Yan Drip Marketing Released for Genshin Impact 5.3
Mavuika (Pyro Archon) and Citlali Drip Marketing Released for Genshin Impact 5.3
7 Ways You Can Fix Genshin Impact Not Launching on a Windows PC
Jack Carson
Jack is a UK-based English Creative Writing graduate with a passion for writing about games. He’s been writing creatively for many years and has been doing game journalism professionally for well over a year. The games he primarily writes about include Destiny 2, Genshin Impact, Honkai: Star Rail and Xenoblade Chronicles but he is especially keen on RPGs, looters and action games and specialises in writing guides. KeenGamer is the third publication he has written for.
Leave a Reply
Cancel Reply
Sign in with:
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked
*
Comment *
You may use these
HTML
tags and attributes:
<a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong>
Notify me of followup comments via e-mail.