Task Search
Checklists
Guides
Markers
Videos
Sort and Filter
No Results
Checklists
New Checklist
All Lists
My Checklists
All
All Lists
My Checklists
How creative can you get with your first free checklist?
Create a free account
All Interactive Maps and Locations
Genshin Impact Wriothesley Build Guide - Best Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
By
Cedric Pabriga
,
Jen Rothery
,
Triforce
,
+30 more
Updated
:
Oct 18, 2023 2:51pm UTC
Wriothesley is a 5-star Cryo Catalyst character introduced in patch 4.1 of Genshin Impact. While catalysts are typically befitting of mage-like characters, Wriothesley mainly lets his fists do the talking. This guide to the
best Genshin Impact Wriothesley build
will explain the best weapons, artifact sets, constellations, and team compositions for Wriothesley.
Wriothesley
Rarity:
★★★★★
Element:
Cryo
Weapon:
Catalyst
Wriothesley Ascension Materials
Table of Contents:
How to Get Wriothesley
Wriothesley Gameplay Overview
Wriothesley Talents and Attack Combos
Wriothesley Constellation Analysis
Wriothesley's Best Weapons
Wriothesley's Best Artifacts
Wriothesley's Best Teams
How to Get Wriothesley in Genshin Impact
Wriothesley was made available on the 4.1 limited banners as the featured 5-star unit. After 4.1, you’ll have to wait for banner reruns for another shot at acquiring him.
Genshin Wriothesley Gameplay Overview
Element:
Cryo
Weapon:
Catalyst
Rarity:
5-star
Wriothesley is a character who dominates your team’s field time, and thus will be best supported by characters who can buff his damage or attack alongside him from the backline. This classifies Wriothesley as a hypercarry.
He has primarily three team compositions: Reverse Melt teams which use off-field Pyro application on enemies to increase Wriothesley’s Cryo damage through reactions, Freeze teams which immobilize enemies and make them easier to hit, and Mono-Cryo teams, which use Cryo-specific buffing teammates and synergies along with an Anemo character to maximize the team’s damage.
His biggest weakness is that his best supports don’t exist yet. Currently, his best available teammates consist of other limited 5-star characters like Shenhe and Kazuha, which make Cryo-focused teams fairly restrictive. Additionally, his on-field rotation is hard to specify, judging by the fact that his Charged Attacks are maximized in damage based on what his current HP is. Ideally, his HP should be between 50-60% of his Max HP as often as possible. This means you’ll have one extra variable to focus on whenever you’re playing as him, which could intimidate newer players.
Almost every part of Wriothesley’s kit exists to make his Normal and Charged Attacks stronger. This makes his playstyle similar to Yoimiya, Wanderer, and Arataki Itto.As of 4.1, it’s unclear exactly how strong Wriothesley will be when it comes to Spiral Abyss, but players and theorycrafters are generally resourceful enough to make any character work well, provided the character is properly supported.
Stats Worth Consideration
Energy Recharge: If you’re determined to Burst every rotation (not recommended), you’ll need over 200%. If you Burst every other rotation, then at most you’ll need 125% recharge.
CRIT: a 1;2 ratio of Rate;Damage. 75/150 is ideal. 60/120 should be bare minimum.
Cryo DMG%
ATK%
Genshin Wriothesley Talents and Attack Combos
Your talent-levelling priority should be Normal Attacks > Skill > Burst.
Wriothesley’s Normal Attacks are the core of his kit, and since everything in his kit exists to improve this damage, it should be apparent that Normal Attacks are the top priority. Remember, however, that his Charged Attacks are just as important as his Normal Attacks (and scale with this talent). For external buffs, make sure the buffs affect both Normal and Charged Attacks. Additionally, using Wriothesley’s Skill or Charged Attack doesn’t break or reset his Normal Attack combo, similar to Arataki Itto.The Skill is Wriothesley’s main method of Normal and Charged Attack damage amplification. The skill simply adds a multiplicative buff to the strength of his attacks for a set duration of time. There are some conditions to this: the buff only applies when Wriothesley has more than 50% HP, and each hit reduces his health by a small amount. While health drain may feel like a drawback, it is actually quite beneficial to Fontaine characters, as Fontaine characters benefit from their HP frequently changing. Mathematically speaking, you get more return on investment from levelling Normal Attacks first, then his Skill, so maintain that order of priority.Wriothesley's Burst inflicts Pneuma alignment on enemies and hits with five instances of Cryo damage in rapid succession. This is nearly identical to Wanderer’s Burst, except the damage is Cryo instead of Anemo.
Next, come his passives. His first ascension passive triggers when he has less then 60% Max HP. The next Charged Attack he uses while his Skill is active will not consume stamina and deal 50% more damage, while also healing Wriothesley for 30% of his Max HP. This passive is extremely valuable, as it compensates for the demerits of his Skill. This occurs once every five seconds.
The fourth ascension passive buffs his attack up to five cumulative times whenever his HP changes (positively or negatively). Each stack of this will raise his ATK by 6%, totaling up to +30% ATK. 30% ATK is almost as good as having a second ATK% Sands of Eon stapled to him.His exploration passive allows a 10% chance to double the materials received from crafting weapon ascension materials.
When it comes to field time, Wriothesley should Burst when he has the energy to, usually at the beginning or end of his field-time or in-between cooldowns on his passives. In nearly every case where his Burst is not yet available, he will simply activate his Skill to power up his Normal Attacks and start punching away at enemies, interrupting this attack strings only for Charged Attacks whenever his HP dips below 60%.
Genshin Wriothesley Constellation Analysis
C1 is quite strong for Wriothesley, and is worth investing in rather than going for his signature weapon.
Constellation Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
C1. Terror for the Evildoers
Halves the cooldown of special Charged Attacks to once every 2.5 seconds, increases the bonus damage from 50% to 200%. Special Charged Attacks extend his Skill buff by four seconds.
A fantastic constellation for Wriothesley, supercharging his most important passive and allowing him more field time to dish out damage.
C2. Shackles for the Arrogant
Burst damage is increased by 40% for each stack obtained by his fourth ascension passive, maxing at 200% extra damage.
This constellation is nearly identical to Wanderer’s C2, which makes his Burst worth investing in. Just make sure if you’re reliant on his Burst that you use many Cryo teammates with Favonius weapons to reduce his energy needs as much as possible.
C3. Punishment for the Frauds
Increase Normal Attack talent level by 3.
This constellation demonstrates how important Wriothesley’s Normal Attacks are to his kit, and is a worthwhile constellation to pick up. A moderate increase in damage.
C4. Redemption for the Suffering
The HP gained from his special Charged Attacks increases from 30% to 50%. Additionally, whenever Wriothesley is healed beyond max HP from any source, if he’s on-field, he gains 20% ATK Speed for four seconds; when off-field, the party gains 10% ATK Speed for 6 seconds.
The healing boost is nice, and more ATK Speed is good, but it’s not usually worth aiming for as a constellation. Grab this constellation only if you’re aiming for C6.
C5. Mercy for the Wronged
Increases Burst talent level by 3.
The least-efficient part of his kit does a decent amount more damage. Just OK, but still welcome.
C6. Esteem for the Innocent
Special Charged Attacks from Wriothesley have 10% more CRIT Rate and 80% more CRIT DMG. It will also follow up with an instance of Cryo damage equal the the Charged Attack’s base damage. This extra damage is considered Charged Attack damage.
As usual, C6 is the best constellation, and it better be, for how many primogems are required to get this extra passive.
Genshin Wriothesley's Best Weapons
Wriothesley’s choices are straightforward: pick the most offensive Catalyst possible. Ideally, this will have lots of CRIT Rate or CRIT DMG as one of its stats. Keep in mind that his best Artifact Set will give up to 36% CRIT Rate, and CRIT Rate doesn’t provide any further benefit after 100%, so it might be better,, depending on your build, to choose a CRIT DMG weapon.
Weapon Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
Cashflow Supervision
22.1% CRIT Rate
ATK +16%. When HP changes, Normal ATK +16% DMG and Charged Attack +14% DMG for four seconds, maxing out at three stacks. When you have all three stacks, ATK Speed is boosted by 8%
Best Limited Banner Weapon
As usual, his signature weapon is his best option; Hoyoverse does a good job of ensuring that their characters’ signature weapons are almost always the best choice. However, his signature weapon is not essential. You would get more of a damage bonus from C1 than his weapon, and there are plenty of other strong options at the 5-star level.
Tullaytullah’s Remembrance
44.1% CRIT DMG
Normal ATK Speed +10%. After using Skill, Normal Attack damage increases by 4.8% every second for 14 seconds. Hitting enemies with Normal Attacks increases the damage by 9.6%. The max bonus achieved in these ways cannot exceed 48%.
Second Best
Wanderer’s signature weapon doesn’t buff Charged Attacks, but it remains the second best option since their kits are so similar to one another.
Other 5-star CRIT Weapons
CRIT Rate or CRIT DMG
The passive varies depending on the weapon, but they’re all comparably close in efficiency. Includes Lost Prayer to Sacred Winds, Kagura’s Verity, and Tome of Eternal Flow.
Pick whatever you have lying around
CRIT weapons are just plain good with most carry-type characters, mainly because CRIT stats are difficult to obtain and there aren’t diminishing returns with CRIT in the same way that ATK% and DMG% have diminishing returns.
A Thousand Floating Dreams
265 EM
Party Elemental Mastery +40. For each same-element teammate in the party, equipped character gets +32 EM. For each different-element teammate, equipped character gets +10% DMG for their element.
Limited 5-Star for Reverse Melt-Dedicated Builds
Only worthwhile if you only intend to use Wriothesley with Pyro characters to maximize Elemental Reaction damage. Do not use it otherwise.
Flowing Purity
27.6% ATK
After Skill use, Elemental DMG +8-16% and a Bond of Life worth 24% of Max HP is gained.	When you heal that HP back, every 1,000 HP cleared gives +2-4% Elemental DMG up to a max of 12-24%.
Craftable Option
A surprisingly good craftable option for Wriothesley. While the event weapon, Ballad of Boundless Blue, is comparable to this weapon, many players may not have access to the Ballad if they didn’t play during that patch. Wriothesley heals himself enough to easily clear the Bond of Life and maximize the weapon’s damage bonuses.
Genshin Wriothesley's Best Artifacts
Sands – ATK% or ER% (usually ATK%)
Goblet – Cryo DMG%
Circlet – CRIT Rate or CRIT DMG
There are a few main viable artifact sets for Wriothesley, but there is really only one all-purpose choice: Marechaussee Hunter, which boosts Normal and Charged Attack DMG while granting 12% CRIT Rate every time their HP changes, up to a total of 36% with a 4pc set.Shimenawa’s Reminiscence, which buffs Normal and Charged Attack damage at the cost of energy will essentially make his Burst completely unusable, which is especially bad after Constellations. The 4pc Blizzard Strayer set adds 40% CRIT Rate on paper, but really only works when enemies are constantly frozen.
Genshin Wriothesley's Best Team
Wriothesley has three main team options. He is fairly limited in his flexibility, but they are no doubt efficient. Please make sure to check the teammate glossary at the bottom of this guide for a full explanation of possible teammates.
Freeze
The strategy is simple: pair Wriothesley with a good Anemo character holding 4pc Viridescent Venerer, a Hydro teammate (or two), and probably a second Cryo character for Cryo Resonance. Off-field DPS units that synergize with Normal Attacks from your main damage dealer are especially useful.
Wriothesley
Anemo (Sucrose for F2P)
Hydro (Xingqiu for F2P)
Support (Diona or Layla for F2P)
Mono-Cryo (+Anemo)
This team composition requires Shenhe, who can massively boost the Cryo damage of all Cryo characters on the team. This team is pretty one-dimensional, but not as forgiving for F2P players, considering it needs other limited 5-star characters to be efficient. There are also few team substitutions, leaving you with really only one reasonable combination of characters. Kazuha is required since Kazuha’s Burst essentially staples an extra Cryo goblet on all your Cryo characters, boosting their damage while also lowering enemy Cryo resistance. Diona take the role of shielder and healer in one unit to protect Wriothesley from getting interrupted while keeping him healthy.
Wriothesley
Cryo Buffer (Shenhe)
Anemo Debuffer/Buffer (Kazuha)
Cryo Support (Diona)
Reverse-Melt (Xiangling Teams)
Long-time players may roll their eyes at this composition not because it is inefficient, but because you can slap almost any character in a Xiangling team and the team will work, thanks to how ridiculously overpowered Xiangling is as an off-field DPS. The best on-fielder in these teams is usually a Cryo or Hydro character.These teams are also fairly one-dimensional: Xiangling needs Bennett, the best healer, Pyro battery, and general ATK buffer in the game to help ensure Xiangling Bursts regularly. Then, an Anemo character with 4pc Viridescent Venerer equipped can reduce enemy elemental resistances. Once you learn how to play your first Xiangling team, you basically know how to play every variation of it.On the plus-side, the other units for this team are all easily acquirable 4-star characters, making this the best bang-for-budget team that can take on nearly any Spiral Abyss setup.
Wriothesley
Xiangling
Anemo (Sucrose for F2P)
Bennett
Specific Teammate Choices
Cryo Characters
Layla
The best Zhongli-imitator so far. Her shield can approach Zhongli’s shield strength, but the lack of RES shred hurts her viability. However, she is a 4-star which makes her quite accessible.
Diona
A Cryo support who condenses shielding and healing into a single character, making Diona exceptionally flexible and useful. She provides ATK% boosts with 4pc Noblesse Oblige and an Elemental Mastery buff with constellations to increase elemental reaction damage.
Rosaria
A well-rounded Cryo unit that can play as a support, on-field DPS, or off-field DPS, depending on build. She shares a portion of her CRIT Rate with the team and deals respectable damage on her own, while generating a decent amount of Cryo particles with her Skill’s short cooldown.
Shenhe
The only dedicated Cryo buffer at time of writing (4.1), and no one can do her job better or even as close to as well as she can. When you hold her Skill down, Normal and Charged attacks with Cryo are buffed with a flat-damage modifier added onto your DPS’s hits, which is based on Shenhe’s ATK stat and your on-fielder’s CRIT stats. Tapping her Skill applieis this to Skills and Bursts. For Wriothesley, you usually want to hold this down.
Hydro Characters
Xingqiu
The best 4-star Hydro applicator. His Burst applies Hydro and deals respectable damage in synchonicity with the active character's Normal Attacks and the orbiting swords that act as defensive utility also apply Hydro to enemies when in direct contact.
Yelan
Mainly best for amplifying teammates DMG% while dealing high HP-scaling damage. Very similar to Xingqiu, but less application and no defensive utility. Yelan is a generically strong character.
Kokomi
The best Hydro option if you want good healing and Hydro application rolled into one character.
Anemo Utility Options
(all assumed to be equipping 4pc Viridescent Venerer)
Kazuha
The best all-around choice for most Anemo needs. Kazuha scales well with EM, provides a huge DMG% buff to teammates depending on what elements he swirls in his Burst, offers good crowd control, and has short cooldowns on his entire kit.
Sucrose
Sometimes better than Kazuha, depending on the team comp, due to her ability to share a portion of her Elemental Mastery with the team, wield Catalysts known for their support functions, and apply Anemo and Swirl with Normal Attacks. She offers crowd control and energy generation ontop of decent driving capabilities.
Venti
The Anemo Archon and the god of crowd control. He can buff teammates while equipping Elegy for the End and is an excellent choice against large amounts of enemies.
Jean
or
Sayu
These characters fulfil similar roles in their ability to heal as well as Swirl. Jean has special synergy with Bennett, but since Bennett is less needed on these teams, we can argue that their usefulness is equivalent to one another.
Pyro Characters
Other Options
Zhongli
The best shielder in the game, and it’s not close. Zhongli’s shield is practically indestructible with 100% uptime, and can even replace a healer if you’re responsible with resetting the shield. Not only that, but it reduces all enemy resistances to all elements, including physical, by 20%. Surely representative of a god.
Bennett
Widely considered to be one of the strongest supports in the game, Bennett provides the party with an enormous Flat ATK buff equal to a percentage of Bennett's ATK (sometimes over 100%). Bennett also heals with his Burst and generates tons of Pyro energy particles with his tapped Skill and its 3-second cooldown. Bennett makes every team that cares about ATK better.
XianglingTeams Dehya
The best Pyro off-field DPS in the game, and it’s not close. While she needs tons of energy to function, her Burst single-handedly carries teams. Even a three-unit team of Xiangling, Kazuha, and Bennett can clear some upper Spiral Abyss floors, depending on enemy lineup.
Other Options
Zhongli
The best shielder in the game, and it’s not close. Zhongli’s shield is practically indestructible with 100% uptime, and can even replace a healer if you’re responsible with resetting the shield. Not only that, but it reduces all enemy resistances to all elements, including physical, by 20%. Surely representative of a god.
If you focus all of Dehya’s stats into HP, give her a support artifact set like Tenacity of the Millelith and a weapon like Wolf’s Gravestone, Dehya can not only endure hits meant for Wriothesley, but she can also buff the team’s ATK with all her equipment.
Up Next:
Genshin Wriothesley Ascension Materials
Previous
Genshin Neuvillette Ascension Materials Guide
Next
Genshin Wriothesley Ascension Materials
Top Guide Sections
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna IV Release Time and Details
Genshin Impact Luna III Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna II Release Date and Details
Was this guide helpful?
Leave feedback
In This Guide
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Initial Release:
Sep 27, 2020
+2
Learn more
Go to comments