Bennett Team Comp Guide - Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Bennett
By
Rhenn Taguiam
Updated
Apr 6, 2022, 9:30 PM EDT
Rhenn is a Manila-based content writer with a love for all things geek and pop culture, and science and technology. He has
over 1,900 articles
to his name, most of which exploring the many dimensions of video games. Rhenn is well-versed in all things pop culture, taking his journalistic prowess to the next level as the editor-in-chief for Philippines-based
What's A Geek!
.
Rhenn is a seasoned player of
Dungeons & Dragons
and
World of Darkness
of 10+ years, with a couple hundred hours in
Baldur's Gate 3
,
World of Warcraft
, and
Valorant
.
Rhenn graduated
BA Journalism
degree as a
Cum Laude
, and has since then pursued making content about geek culture.
Sign in to your
GameRant
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Table of contents
The Sumeru Region Basics and First Steps
The Sumeru Region Basics and First Steps
> What to Do First in Sumeru
Important Places and Locations
Important Places and Locations
> How to Unlock the Tree of Dreams and Use Dendro Sigils
> How to Unlock Sumeru Daily Commissions and Sumeru Reputation
> Sumeru Shrines of Depths - All Locations
> Every Merchant in Sumeru, Where to Find Them, and What They Sell
Domain Unlock Guides
Domain Unlock Guides
> How to Unlock the Altar of Mirages Domain
> How to Unlock the Garden of Endless Pillars Domain
> How to Unlock the Fane of Panjvahe Domain
> How to Unlock the City of the Deceased Domain
Items
Items
> How to Unlock Sumeru Forge Weapons
> How to Use the Boon of the Elder Tree
> All Radiant Spincrystal Locations in Sumeru
> Consecrated Beast Locations
> All Dendroculus Locations in Gavireh Lajavard and Realm of Farakhkert
Sumeru Local Specialties
Sumeru Local Specialties
> Rukkhashava Mushroom Locations
> Rukkhashava Mushroom Locations
> Nilotpala Lotus Locations
> Nilotpala Lotus Locations
> Kalpalata Lotus Locations
> Kalpalata Lotus Locations
> Padisarah Locations
> Padisarah Locations
> Scarab Locations
> Scarab Locations
> Henna Berry Locations
> Henna Berry Locations
> Sand Grease Pupa Locations
> Sand Grease Pupa Locations
> Mourning Flower Locations
> Mourning Flower Locations
> Trishiraite Locations
> Trishiraite Locations
> All Sumeru Food Recipe Sources and Locations
> All Sumeru Food Recipe Sources and Locations
Mechanics and Tutorials
Mechanics and Tutorials
> How to Destroy the Stone Pillar Seals
> How to Destroy the Withering
> How to Complete the Trial of the Phantasmal Seed
> How to Use Dendrograna
Dendro
Dendro
> All Dendro Reactions, Explained
Sumeru Boss Guides
Sumeru Boss Guides
World Bosses (Character Ascension Materials)
World Bosses (Character Ascension Materials)
> Boss Guide: Jadeplume Terrorshroom
> Boss Guide: Jadeplume Terrorshroom
> Boss Guide: Electro Regisvine
> Boss Guide: Electro Regisvine
> Boss Guide: Aeonblight Drake
> Boss Guide: Aeonblight Drake
> Boss Guide: Algorithm of Semi-Intransient Matrix of Overseer Network
> Boss Guide: Algorithm of Semi-Intransient Matrix of Overseer Network
> Boss Guide: Dendro Hypostasis
> Boss Guide: Dendro Hypostasis
> Boss Guide: Setekh Wenut
> Boss Guide: Setekh Wenut
> Boss Guide: Iniquitous Baptist
> Boss Guide: Iniquitous Baptist
Trounce Domains (Character Talent Upgrade Materials)
Trounce Domains (Character Talent Upgrade Materials)
> Boss Guide: Joururi Workshop (Scaramouche)
> Boss Guide: Joururi Workshop (Scaramouche)
> Boss Guide: Realm of Beginnings (The Guardian of Apep's Oasis)
> Boss Guide: Realm of Beginnings (The Guardian of Apep's Oasis)
Quest Guides
Quest Guides
Sumeru Hangout Events
Sumeru Hangout Events
> Layla Hangout Guide - How to Get All Endings
> Faruzan Hangout Guide - How to Get All Endings
> Kaveh Hangout Guide - How to Get All Endings
Sumeru Archon Quest Help
Sumeru Archon Quest Help
> A Lamenter at Fate's End Quest: How to Continue Exploring the Unknown Sanctuary
> The Answers to Setaria's Questions (Like a Triumphant Hero)
> Mysterious Ruins Puzzle Solutions (Secret of the Scorching Desert)
The Aranyaka
The Aranyaka
> How to Find the Branch Together with Aranakula
> Chapter 1 of The Aranyaka (Woodland Encounter)
> Chapter 3 of the Aranyaka (Varuna Gatha)
> Chapter 4 of the Aranyaka (Agnihotra Sutra)
> Chapter 5 of the Aranyaka (Vimana Agama)
> How to Proceed to the Location Shown in the Painting (Static Views)
> Jazari's Chapter: How to Connect all Four Relays in the Middle
> How to Lower the Water Level in Royinjan's Chapter
> Every Stone Pillar Seal Location in Sumeru (Legends of the Stone Lock)
> Vasmtri: Every Nursery Location in Sumeru
> All Aranara Locations (For Meritous Service Achievement)
> How to Unlock Garcia's Paean (Complete Liyue to Sumeru Guide)
The Great Red Sand Area Walkthroughs
The Great Red Sand Area Walkthroughs
> How to Increase Clearance
> How to Completely Upgrade the Jinni Bottle
> How to Proceed Deeper Within the Ruins (The Secret of Al-Ahmar Quest)
> How to Try to Open the Coffin (The Secret of Al-Ahmar)
> How to Go to the Location Indicated by the Stone Slate (Dual Evidence)
> Puzzle Guide: Sekhem Hall (Luxurious Chest and Two Precious Chests)
> How to Operate the Prism of Khaj-Nisut (Dreams Beneath the Searing Sand)
> How to Get a Luxurious Chest at the Top of King Deshret's Mausoleum
> All Primal Obelisk Locations
> All Primal Obelisk Locations
> All Mysterious Stone Slate Locations ("The Nameless City's Past" Achievement)
> How to Solve the Cascade Pool Puzzle
> Where to Find the Fatui Stronghold Key
> How to Solve the Unchanging Past Flower Puzzle in the Eternal Oasis (Orchard of Pairidaeza)
> How to Get Every Chess Piece for the Temple of Gurabad (Safhe Shatranj)
> Dune-Entombed Fecundity: Part I - How to Find Another Way to Enter the Central Area
> Dune-Entombed Fecundity: Part II - How to Restore Power to the Left Arm
> How to Solve the Liloupar's Cell Dendro Monument Puzzle
> How to Solve the Stone Symbol Puzzle (Weathered Obelisk Puzzle Guide)
> Wounded Shin Valley Elemental Monument Puzzle (Luxurious Chest)
> Safhe Shatranj Cascade Pool Puzzle Solution (Luxurious and Common Chest Reward)
> How to Enter the Defiled Chamber to Search for the Spenta Hearts (The Hymn of Tir Yazad)
> Quest Guide: A Gifted Rose
> Quest Guide: A Gifted Rose
> All Golden Rose Seed Locations
> How to Get the Password to Enter Thutmose's Secret Base (Hidden Mercenaries - Soheil's Wish)
Girdle of the Sands Area Walkthroughs
Girdle of the Sands Area Walkthroughs
> All Fravashi Tree Locations (Pale Fire)
> All Plume of Purifying Light Locations
> Udumbara Locations Guide
> How to Use Sorush and All Her Abilities
As the Khvarena Light Shows Quest Guides
As the Khvarena Light Shows Quest Guides
> How to Connect the Three Devices Near the Elevator and Activate the Central Control Device
> How to Use the Farrwick to Link the Circuit and Activate the Left Machine Door
> How to Link the Circuit and Activate the Right Machine Door
> How to Connect the Circuit (As the Khvarena's Light Shows: Nirodha)
> How to Open the Ruins' Gate (As the Khvarena's Light Shows: Nirodha)
> How to Find the Energy Block and Return to the Control Center (As the Khvarena's Light Shows: Nirodha)
> Achievement Guide: How to Purify All Sunyata Flowers (The Sea of Fertility)
> How to Drain the Water and Get the Kory Drum - Trial of Submerged Waves (Awakening's Real Sound)
> How to Perform According to the Drum Score (Awakening's Real Sound)
> How to Light Up All the Bright Flame Altars (Awakening's Real Sound)
> How to Search for the Lost Monument Fragments with Sorush's Help (Monumental Study)
> How to Follow the Footprints and Search for Clues (Investigate the Fatui Camp Marked by Sosi)
> How to Awaken the Power of Khvarena and Disperse the Purple Mist (Asipattravana Itihasa)
> Quest Guide: An Artist Adrift
> Quest Guide: An Artist Adrift
> How to Search the Road for the Missing Sketch (An Artist Adrift)
> How to Solve the Luxurious Chest Puzzle in Asipattravana Swamp (Trapped Seelies)
Achievement Guide: Seven Dish Dance (Luxurious Chest and Six Exquisite Chests)
> How to Solve the Luxurious Chest Puzzle in Vourukasha Oasis (Mayflies and Seelies)
Sumeru Achievement Guides
Sumeru Achievement Guides
> Achievement Guide: The Random Circumstances of a Rose's Blooming
> Achievement Guide: Encore!
> Achievement Guide: Song of Night and Dawn
> Achievement Guide: Date of Departure
> Achievement Guide: They Enter the Flow
> Achievement Guide: Beyond the Shadow of Time
> Achievement Guide: Through to the Earth I May Return
> Achievement Guide: The End of the Corridor (Glinting Component Locations)
> Achievement Guide: A Well-Trained Archaeologist (Primal Obelisk Locations)
> Achievement Guide: Hunter's Mercy (Tadhla the Falcon Quest)
> Achievement Guide: La Luna Rossa (Where to Find Every Activation Device for the Chessboard)
> Achievement Guide: Isn't Life Wondrous?
> Achievement Guide: How Do You Write The Excavation Report?
Bennett
Pyro
Sword
Mondstadt
Guides
Ascension
Builds
Weapons
Team Comp
Constellation
Player Mistakes
Back to All Characters
Bennett remains the only member of Benny's Adventure Team, as his teammates always leave him for his rather weird magnetism towards back luck. Unfortunately for them, Bennett in
Genshin Impact
remains quite the asset in any team. Being a Pyro Sword user, Bennett capitalizes on using fire and speed to overwhelm enemies with his swift slashes. But as any Bennett user knows, the young man shines when it comes to assisting teammates.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Every 4-Star Character, Ranked
As a Support character,
Bennett excels helping his teammates outlast his enemies in combat
. Instead of healing his comrades, however, Bennett can enhance their innate abilities through his Elemental Resonance and other offerings. And with the right team composition, Bennett's fires can help his team consistently devastate foes in
Genshin Impact
.
Updated on 4 April 2022 by Rhenn Taguiam:
Fans of Electro heroes delighted in the arrival of
Yae Miko
with the Genshin Impact 2.5 Update, and Hydro fans were treated to the debut of swordmaster Kamisato Ayato in March 2022’s 2.6 Update. Considering the offensive nature of Ayato, it’s natural to consider pairing this new hero with a support user like Bennett. After all, their Pyro-Hydro synergy will at least give the benefits of Vaporize to the party, right? However, along with players testing Ayato and Bennett’s compatibility, they might want to see how the latter fairs teaming up with other characters as well.
Enter Bennett
Given his priorities as a Support Unit, Bennett may be able to fit any setup that requires a healer or a buffer. However, before players add him to any setup, Bennett can actually benefit from
specific personal builds that can help maximize his support potential
.
Notable Constellations
Unlike other characters, Bennett's Constellations are extreme straightforward. These make it much easier for players to build Bennett in a way that they want in order to capitalize his support potential. Here are some Constellations to take note of:
Grand Expectation:
With this Constellation, Bennett will no longer get an HP restriction to his Fantastic Voyage. Moreover, Bennett gets a 20-percent boost to his base attack.
Impasse Conqueror:
Bennett recharges his energy 30-percent faster whenever his HP falls below 70-percent. This is ideal for most battles, as Bennett's fast energy recharge can help him dish out better support moves.
Fire Ventures With Me:
When other Sword, Claymore, or Polearm users exist within Fantastic Voyage's AOE, they now receive 15-percent Pyro Damage boosts and deal Pyro Damage when attacking.
Ideal Weapon
As a major support character, Bennett shines the most when his build emphasizes buffing his allies for that extra damage boost. At its core, Bennett's ideal weapons help increase Bennett's base damage, enabling him to take on a more offensive role.
Skyward Blade:
When using
Skyward Blade
, Bennett gets a 4-percent boost to critical hit rate. Moreover, he gets the Skypiercing Might buff whenever he uses an Elemental Burst. This increases his overall speed by 10-percent and gives him a 20-percent damage buff to both normal and charged attack for 12 seconds.
Festering Desire:
This weapon boosts Bennett's Elemental Skill Damage by as much as 16-percent, and he gets a 6-percent Elemental Skill Buff.
Ideal Artifact Set
Bennett can shine using Artifact sets that emphasize his potential as a support role. With this in mind, he works best with sets that boost his Elemental Burst or his base attacks as a whole.
Gladiator's Finale:
With two items equipped, Bennett gets an 18-percent boost to attack. Meanwhile, using four items can give him a 35-percent normal attack boost when using an Artifact Set with a Polearm, Claymore, or Sword.
Noblesse Oblige:
Using two items of this set would give Bennett a 20-percent damage to Elemental Burst. At four items, Bennett can extend this benefit to Elemental Burst to all party members for 12 seconds.
Which Team Composition To Use?
genshin-impact-bennett-1
Thanks to Bennett's support potential
, he can become an asset to almost any party. However, Bennett can especially rock the support role when his partners are able to benefit the most from his buffs. At its core, Bennett works best when used with Pyro teammates. However, interactions that work with Pyro also help Bennett shine. Here are some ideal teammates:
Keqing, Raiden Shogun, Kazuha
Players who want to capitalize on the support potential of Bennett should place him on a party with aggressive characters, such as
Keqing
(Electro),
Raiden Shogun
(Electro), and
Kaedehara Kazuha
(Anemo). In this lineup, Keqing’s speed makes her the core DPS whereas Kazuha and Bennett enable her to maximize her DPS capabilities with boosted damage.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: A Complete Guide To Raiden Shogun's Constellations
An
interesting component here is Raiden Shogun
, equally a compelling aggressive character, which serves as a long-ranged secondary DPS for the team. Kazuha can become a buffer and major crowd control, with her abilities leaving enemies open for worse Elemental damage over time.
Xiangling, Raiden Shogun, Ayato
Players who want to test the full extent of Bennett’s support abilities might want to place him at a party that can deal high damage quickly and efficiently, such as with
Xiangling
(Pyro),
Raiden Shogun
(Electro), and
Kamisato Ayato
(Hydro).
Aside from Bennett boosting the team’s overall DPS, it’s the Elemental Synergies and Resonances that would do a bulk of the work for the rest of the party. For instance, Xiangling and Ayato can enjoy boosted damage with Vaporize,
whereas Raiden Shogun and Xingqiu can enjoy Electro-Charged
. With Raiden Shogun serving as main DPS and Xiangling and Ayato as Sub-DPS, Bennett mains will definitely enjoy tinkering with the team synergies.
Xiangling, Ayato, Chongyun
Players looking to deal heavier damage with Bennett’s support abilities might want to give a shot to a team with
Xiangling
(Fire),
Ayato
(Hydro), and
Chongyun
(Cryo). Similar to the previous arrangement, this particular lineup allows Bennett to enjoy boosting DPS with the respect of Elemental Resonance and Synergies.
This time around, Xiangling and Ayato can work with Vaporize to quickly reduce enemies to shreds, whereas Xingqiu and
Chongyun can help Freeze opponents
. These kinds of playful synergies can provide unprecedented opportunities for Bennett mains to maximize their buffing abilities and provide decent support to players.
Ayato, Sucrose, Zhongli
Players prioritizing a steady defense will want to switch up their game to rely on more defensive characters, such as
Ayato
(Hydro),
Sucrose
(Anemo), and
Zhongl
(Geo). While Bennett provides base DPS advantages to the team, the rest of the characters add unique elements to make the dynamics of combat as equal as possible.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Mistakes Players Make When Using Kamisato Ayato
For instance, Ayato serves as the primary DPS of the team, with Sucrose gathering opponents for him to eliminate while providing support to the team.
Zhongli becomes the team’s beacon for defense
, providing the squad with valuable Geo defenses.
Hu Tao, Kaeya, Zhongli
Players who want to tinker around with Bennett’s support capabilities should check out a build with
Hu Tao
(Pyro),
Kaeya
(Cryo), and
Zhongli
(Geo). As usual, while Bennett provides core buffs, the other members of the team bring a wide array of offensive capabilities to the squad.
For instance, Hu Tao serves as the primary DPS of the team, with Kaeya adding some firepower (ice power?) while freezing enemies with his attacks. When it comes to defense,
Zhongli’s various protective capabilities
come to mind in order to come to the party’s defense.
Diluc, Barbara, Diona
Beginners to
Genshin Impact
could maximize Bennett's innate healing potential. Thanks to a party with
Diluc (Pyro), Barbara (Hydro), and Diona (Cryo)
, newcomers can get a consistently balanced team. At its core, Diluc becomes the team's heavy-lifter due to his DPS skills. As a Pyro, his skills synergize well with Bennett's nature. Moreover, Bennett's burst alone can help Diluc boost his overall performance.
Diluc also becomes the DPS center of the team with Barbara and Diona. Being
an early-game guarantee
, Barbara is easily a reliable healer in any party. Meanwhile, Diona's handy shielding abilities and occasional Cryo reactions can add useful defense to the team.
Zhongli, Xiao, Tartaglia
Players looking for a decently-balanced team loadout could have Bennett partner with
Zhongli (Geo), Xiao (Anemo), and Tartaglia (Hydro).
With Bennett as the supportive buffer, Tartaglia easily becomes the team's powerhouse DPS. This pairing alone should be enough to consistently dish out decent DPS against most foes.
However, perhaps interesting is how this pairing also intersects nicely with Xiao and Zhongli's presence. As an Anemo, Xiao's innate crowd control potential kicks in - clearing the floor for Tartaglia to finish enemies off. And when the party becomes vulnerable, Zhongli's solid defense can protect the team.
Xiangling, Fischl, Tartaglia
Players looking for a more aggressive team build with Bennett can capitalize on
Xiangling (Pyro), Fischl (Electro), and Tartaglia (Hydro)
. Thanks to their synergies, Bennett can easily amp up the attacking power of his teammates. At its core, Xiangling's presence alone buffs the ATK of the entire team. As such, Tartaglia as a DPS can get a whopping power boost from these synergies.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Team Compositions For Zhongli
Thanks to Xiangling's C1, enemies will also get lower Pyro RES. This vulnerability should make them wide open for Xiangling and Bennett's more powerful attacks. And with Fischl, her skills and burst can generate stunning Electro reactions.
Diluc, Ganyu, Venti
Players looking for a DPS-heavy lineup can have Bennett join
Diluc (Pyro), Ganyu (Cryo), and Venti (Anemo).
At its core, Diluc becomes the team's main DPS whereas Ganyu and Venti become the team's secondary DPS units. With
their synergies
, their main elemental reactions become Melt and Swirl - and their innate bonuses become apparent to maximize the team's DPS output.
Bennett and Diluc alone benefits from their pairing's 15-percent Pyro DMG bonus. With the
Wolf's Gravestone
and Crimson Witch of Flames set, Diluc can boost Burning, Vaporize, and Melt DMG. Meanwhile, Ganyu with the
Favonius Warbow
and Blizzard Strayer Set can boost the team's entire CRIT Rate by having allies hit enemies affected by her Cryo effects. Lastly, Venti with
Elegy for the End
and Viridescent Venerer gets a whopping 60-percent Swirl DMG bonus.
Klee, Xiao, Ganyu
Players looking for a more damage-heavy lineup can also rely on another Pyro-Cryo-Anemo setup. Bennett can maximize his support potential with
Klee (Pyro), Xiao (Anemo), and Ganyu (Cryo).
With Bennett's burst, all his teammates get a massive DMG boost - increasing their potency as DPS-heavy characters. In turn, this party becomes a great asset for long-term engagements.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Team Compositions For Venti
At its core, Pyro Resonance with Klee will already boost Bennett and Klee's overall ATK. Meanwhile, Xiao can get a constant heal with his Burst Form, effective for potentially-lethal incursions. Lastly, Ganyu gets more DMG with Melt Reaction.
Hu Tao, Xingqiu, Kazuha
Bennett can give a ton of firepower to teammates in need with the right mixture of buffs. And an ideal teammate for these synergies would be
Hu Tao (Pyro), Xingqiu (Hydro)
and Kazuha (Anemo)
. With Bennett constantly buffing the DMG of the team, their DPS output can reach phenomenal numbers in no time.
At its core, Hu Tao and Kazuha can alternate as the team's primary DPS members - subbing each other whenever they have to manage their CDs. Hu Tao, with boosts from both Bennett's bursts and Pyro synergies, can easily pummel through foes with Kazuha's bonus buffs. Whenever Hu Tao rests, Kazuha can weaken enemies and buff the rest of the team. Xingqiu enjoys the same perks, maxing her DPS output courtesy of both Hu Tao and Kazuha.
Zhongli, Albedo, Tartaglia
Bennett can give a massive DMG boost to the already-potent synergies of
Zhongli (Geo), Albedo (Geo)
and Tartaglia (Hydro).
This team setup will take full advantage of
the Geo Resonance
between Zhongli and Albedo, which will boost the innate DMG of all teammates.
However, unlike other synergies, Tartaglia as main DPS can reap the DMG benefits of Vaporize, courtesy of Bennett. This will skyrocket his damage output to exponential levels. Not to mention, Zhongli's combos consistently deal damage against foes, with Albedo's support increasing the team's overall sustainability.
Genshin Impact
was released in 2020 and is playable on the PC, PS4, Android, and iOS.
MORE:
Genshin Impact: The Best Team Compositions For Jean
Strategy Guides
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which big Capcom franchise is your favorite?
Mega Man
Mega Man
25.1%
Resident Evil
Resident Evil
26.1%
Monster Hunter
Monster Hunter
12.9%
Street Fighter
Street Fighter
11.3%
Devil May Cry
Devil May Cry
12.9%
Other (A Capcom franchise not listed here)
Other (A Capcom franchise not listed here)
11.6%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Akane-banashi Episode 3 Marks the Unconventional Start of Akane's Journey
15 Best Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Games, Ranked
EA Game is Shutting Down on April 28