Trending
The Boys Season 5
Windrose
Invincible Season 4
Twitch
Overwatch
Gaming
Genshin Impact
Best Sayu Genshin Impact build: Artifacts, weapons, more
by
Cassidy Stephenson
Published:
Feb 25, 2024, 17:01
Save for later
Save for later
miHoYo
The 4-star character is voiced by Twitch streamer LilyPichu.
Get Notifications for Gaming News
Sayu is a 4-star Anemo character hailing from the Inazuma region in
Genshin Impact
. If you’re looking to build her, check out our recommended Artifacts, weapons, and more.
Voiced by streamer
LilyPichu
, Sayu is a sleepy ninja who believes that resting will allow her to grow taller. Sayu is a Mujina, which is a badger-like animal in Japanese folklore.
In terms of combat, Sayu excels in driving Elemental Reactions with her Elemental Skill. She can also act as a healer and buff her teammates when using the Viridescent Venerer Artifact set.
Article continues after ad
Keep reading to learn more about what Artifacts and weapons you should pick to maximize Sayu’s potential.
Contents
Sayu abilities
Sayu Constellations
Best Sayu Artifacts
Best Sayu weapons
Sayu Talent Level-up and Ascension Materials
Sayu Genshin Impact trailer
Best Sayu team comp
Sayu abilities in Genshin Impact
Normal Attack: Shiyuumatsu-Ban Ninja Blade
Normal Attack
: Perform up to four consecutive strikes.
Charged Attack
: Drains Stamina over time to perform a continuous spinning attack against all nearby opponents. A power slash occurs after you release the attack
Plunging Attack
: Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging enemies with an Area of Effect impact.
Elemental Skill: Yoohoo Art – Fuuin Dash
Curl up into a rolling Fufu Windwheel and smash into opponents at high speed, dealing Anemo damage. When the duration ends, unleashes a Fufu Whirlwind Kick, dealing AoE Anemo damage.
Press:
Enter the Fufu Windwheel state, roll forward a short distance before using the Fufu Whirlwind Kick
Hold:
Roll continuously in the Fufu Windwheel state, increasing resistance to interruption. Can trigger elemental absorption. Has a maximum duration of 10s.
Elemental absorption:
Occurs once per use – if Sayu comes into contact with Hydro, Pyro, Cryo, or Electro while in the Windwheel, she deals additional elemental damage of that type.
Elemental Burst: Yoohoo Art – Mujina Flurry
Summons a pair of helping hands, dealing Anemo damage to nearby enemies and healing nearby party members. The amount of HP restored is based on Sayu’s attack and summon a Muji-Muji Daruma.
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
Muji-Muji Daruma:
Either attacking nearby enemies dealing Anemo damage if nearby characters HP is above 70%. If HP is, however, below 70%, it will heal the character with the lowest percentage HP, or heal all characters above 70% HP if no enemies are nearby.
Sayu Constellations in Genshin Impact
Did you pull multiple copies of Sayu? Here are the buffs you can expect from her Constellations:
Level One –
Multi-Task no Jutsu:
The Muji-Muji Daruma created by Yoohoo Art: Mujina Flurry will ignore HP limits and can simultaneously attack nearby opponents and heal characters.
Level Two – Egress Prep:
Yoohoo Art: Fuuin Dash gains the following effects:
DMG of Fuufuu Whirlwind Kick in Press Mode increased by 3.3%.
Every 0.5s in the Fuufuu Windwheel state will increase the DMG of this Fuufuu Whirlwind Kick by 3.3%. The maximum DMG increase possible through this method is 66%.
Level Three – Eh, the Bunshin Can Handle It:
Increases the Level of Yoohoo Art: Mujina Flurry by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level Four – Skiving: New and Improved:
Sayu recovers 1.2 Energy when she triggers a Swirl reaction. This effect occurs once every 2s.
Level Five – Speed Comes First:
Increases the Level of Yoohoo Art: Fuuin Dash by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level Six – Sleep O’Clock:
The Muji-Muji Daruma created by
Yoohoo Art: Mujina Flurry
will now also benefit from her Elemental Mastery. Each point of Sayu’s Elemental Mastery will produce the following effects:
Increases the damage dealt by the Muji-Muji Daruma’s attacks by 0.2% ATK. A maximum of 400% ATK can be gained via this method.
Increases the HP restored by the Muji-Muji Daruma by 3. A maximum of 6,000 additional HP can be restored in this manner.
Best Sayu Artifacts
The only Artifact set that we recommend using for Sayu is the
4-piece Viridescent Venerer
. This will increase Sayu’s Anemo DMG Bonus by 15% in addition to improving her Swirl DMG by 60% and decreasing opponents’ Elemental RES.
We suggest focusing on Artifacts with Elemental Mastery stats to better trigger Elemental Reactions.
Artifact
Set Bonuses
Viridescent Venerer
2-piece:
Anemo DMG Bonus +15%
4-piece:
Increases Swirl DMG by 60%. Decreases opponent’s Elemental RES to the element infused in the Swirl by 40% for 10s.
Best Sayu weapons
You don’t need a 5-star weapon to maximize Sayu’s potential. In fact, if you’re building her with Elemental Mastery in mind, we recommend using the
Makhaira Aquamarine
to create bonus ATK for both Sayu and her party members.
Related
Best One-Handed Sword build in Wuchang: Fallen Feathers
Genshin Impact tier list: Best characters as of update 5.4
Best Diluc Genshin Impact build: Artifacts, weapons, more
Article continues after ad
Alternatively, you could run the 4-star
Mailed Flower
to increase her ATK and Elemental Mastery after hitting an enemy with Sayu’s Elemental Skill or triggering an Elemental Reaction.
Lastly, if you decide to build Sayu with a focus on Energy Recharge, we suggest going with the
Favonius Greatsword
for a chance to generate more energy after dealing CRIT Hits.
Article continues after ad
Weapon
Details
Makhaira Aquamarine
The following effect will trigger every 10s: The equipping character will gain 24% of their Elemental Mastery as bonus ATK for 12s, with nearby party members gaining 30% of this buff for the same duration. Multiple instances of this weapon can allow this buff to stack. This effect will still trigger even if the character is not on the field.
Mailed Flower
Within 8s after the character’s Elemental Skill hits an opponent or the character triggers an Elemental Reaction, their ATK and Elemental Mastery will be increased by 12% and 48 respectively.
Favonius Greatsword
CRIT Hits have a 60% chance to generate a small amount of Elemental Particles, which will regenerate 6 Energy for the character. Can only occur once every 12s
Sayu Talent Level-up and Ascension Materials
The following tables contain what materials you’ll need to collect to level up Sayu’s Talents and fully ascend the character:
Article continues after ad
Ascension Level
Mora Cost
Materials
Materials
Materials
Materials
1
20000
Vayuda Turquoise Silver x3
Crystal Marrow x3
Whopperflower Nectar x3
2
40000
Vayuda Turquoise Fragment x 3
Marionette Core x2
Crystal Marrow x10
Whopperflower Nectar x15
3
60000
Vayuda Turquoise Fragment x6
Marionette Core x4
Crystal Marrow x20
Shimmering Nectar x12
4
80000
Vayuda Turquoise Chunk x3
Marionette Core x8
Crystal Marrow x30
Shimmering Nectar   x18
5
100000
Vayuda Turquoise Chunk x6
Marionette Core x12
Crystal Marrow x45
Energy Nectar x12
6
120000
Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone x6
Marionette Core x20
Crystal Marrow x60
Energy Nectar x24
Talent Level-up materials
Talent Level-up materials
Talent Level-up materials
Talent Level-up materials
Talent level-up materials
Teachings of Light x9
Guide to Light x63
Philosophies of Light x114
Common materials
Whopperflower Nectar x18
Shimmering Nectar x66
Energy Nectar x93
Boss materials
Gilded Scale x18
Sayu Genshin Impact trailer
In August 2021, Genshin Impact posted a character demo of Sayu on its official YouTube channel. You can watch it below:
Best Sayu team comp in Genshin Impact
The best Sayu team comp centers on her ability to trigger Elemental Reactions. We suggest running Sayu alongside
Raiden Shogun
, Xiangling, and Kokomi
to create several types of Elemental Reactions.
If you’re running Sayu as a healer instead of focusing on Elemental Mastery, we still recommend having Raiden Shogun and Xiangling in your party. However, you could fill the fourth slot with
Xingqiu.
Article continues after ad
That’s everything you need to know about building Sayu in Genshin Impact. Check out more of our build guides below:
Best Albedo build
|
Best Aloy build
|
Best Ayaka build
|
Best Barbara build
|
Best Childe build
|
Best Eula build
|
Best Ganyu build
|
Best Hu Tao build
|
Best Itto build
|
Best Jean build
|
Best Kazuha build
|
Best Keqing build
|
Best Klee build
|
Best Kokomi build
|
Best Mona build
|
Best Qiqi build
|
Best Raiden Shogun build
|
Best Shenhe build
|
Best Venti build
|
Best Xiao build
|
Best Yoimiya build
|
Best Yun Jin build
|
Best Zhongli build
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
More
Genshin Impact
News
Add as a preferred source on Google
Follow on Google News
Featured Articles
Food
Restaurant apologizes after ultra-thin see-through pork slices go viral
TV & Movies
What is the Aboleth in Stranger Things: Tales From ’85? New monster explained
Entertainment
Sony’s AI ping-pong robot beats elite table tennis pros in breakthrough moment
TV & Movies
Best movies on Apple TV+
Roblox
Heaven Stand codes (April 2026)
Sign up to Dexerto
For The latest News, Views & Reviews
Better Reading Experience
|
Save Your Favourite Items
Sign up