The 2.0 update of Genshin Impact
“The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia”
has brought tons of new features to the game such as
the debut of the Inazuma region
, as well as a lot of content
like weapons and banners
, and most importantly,
new characters
.
With its Phase II about to begin, it will be time to say goodbye to
Kamisato Ayaka
from the game’s limited banners, thus making way for the debut of two new characters from the Inazuma archipelago.
While we already introduced the first of these two in our guide about
“Frolicking Flames” Yoimiya
, the final character from 2.0 is a little more childish than her and Ayaka, however don’t be fooled by her appearance, as she is a very skillful adventurer who has mastered the art of ninjutsu. Let’s talk about the “Mujina Ninja”, Sayu.
Sayu – Backstory and origins
During our journey in the Inazuma region we have talked about nobility and creativity, and this time everything will be about loyalty. So, to learn about Sayu, we will have to look over the Shuumatsuban, a secret organization under the Yashiro Commission, of which not many Inazumans are aware of its existence.
Within the ranks of this clan we will find a little ninja called Sayu, a girl who has been raised as part of this group since she was a child, mastering lots of escape techniques and aura concealment skills, while also being one of the most loyal members of the organization, although they only send her to do information gathering and stealing missions.
Besides her extreme loyalty, Sayu is mostly known for her lazy attitude, as she will do everything she can to spend more time on her more meaningful things, which is just another way to say slacking and sleeping. This has a reason, as Sayu thinks the more you sleep, the taller you will grow, so don’t try to mess with this argument.
But even with her laziness, she has a lot of tricks under her sleeves thanks to her years of training in the arts of disguise, with many abilities at her disposal. So, whenever you are in danger or in problems, just try learning something from Sayu, just make sure to bring some rice balls for her helping hand.
Sayu – Talents
(Picture: miHoYo)
Her normal attack, Shuumatsuban Ninja Blade, allows Sayu to perform up to four consecutives strikes, while with her charged attack, she can perform continuous spinning attacks against all nearby enemies draining Stamina over time, ending with a more powerful slash.
With her elemental skill, Fuuin Dash, Sayu will curl up into a rolling Fuufuu Windwheel and smash forward  into opponents at a very high speed, dealing Anemo DMG around her after a powerful kick.
Sayu’s Elemental Skill, Fuuin Dash (Picture: miHoYo)
If you hold this ability, Sayu will continue rolling around for up to ten seconds, increasing her resistance to interruptions while also triggering Elemental Absorption against all enemies hit. Once you finish holding this skill or the time runs out, Sayu will knock out everyone with a stronger kick.
Using her Elemental Burst, Mujina Flurry, Sayu will deal Anemo DMG to all enemies nearby her and heal all nearby party members based on Sayu’s ATK, and then summon a Muji-Muji Daruma.
Sayu’s Elemental Burst, Mujina Flurry (Picture: miHoYo)
At specific intervals, the Muji-Muji Daruma will either attack a nearby opponent with Anemo DMG in the HP of nearby characters is above 70%, heal the active character with the lowest percentage HP left if the HP of nearby characters is 70% or less, or heal all characters if there are no opponents nearby.
Sayu – Best weapons
Skyward Pride
(Picture: miHoYo)
Starting with the best 5-star weapons for her, one of the best options you will find is the Skyward Pride. This weapon is part of the Mondstadt Series, symbolizing the pride of Dvalin soaring through the skies. When swung, it emits a deep hum as the full force of Dvalin’s command of the sky and the wind is unleashed.
With its Sky-ripping Dragon Spine passive, it can increase all DMG by 8/10/12/14/16%. And after using an Elemental Burst, Normal or Charged Attack, on hit, it will create a vacuum blade that does 80/100/120/140/160% of ATK as DMG to opponents along its path. This will last for 20 seconds or eight vacuum blades.
Wolf’s Gravestone
(Picture: miHoYo)
Next up we will find the Wolf’s Gravestone, a longsword used by the Wolf Knight originally forged from a heavy sheet of iron given to the knight by a blacksmith from the city. According to legends, it became endowed with legendary power owing to his friendship with the wolves.
Powered by its Wolfish Tracker, the Wolf’s Gravestone increases ATK by 20/25/30/35/40%. On hit, attacks against opponents with less than 30% HP increase all party members’ ATK by 40/50/60/70/80% for 12 seconds. This effect can only occur once every 30 seconds.
Katsuragikiri Nagamasa
(Picture: miHoYo)
Moving on to the best 4-star weapon, we will find one of the latest introductions into the game’s arsenal. The Katsuragikiri Nagamasa is an Inazuman blade designed by one of Tatarasuna’s inspectors, being a heavy Claymore with tough details.
Thanks to its “Samurai Conduct” passive, this sword can increase Elemental Skill DMG by 6%. After any Elemental Skill hits an opponent, the character will lose 3 Energy but regenerate 3 Energy every two seconds for the next six seconds. This effect can occur once every ten seconds and can be triggered even when the character is not on the field.
As part of the Amethyst Series, you can obtain this weapon’s diagram after entering The Arsenal, unlocked by the Tatara Tales World Quest series. To forge it, you will need the Northlander Claymore Billet, 50 Amethyst Lumps, 50 White Iron Chunks, and 500 Mora.
Sayu – Best artifacts and stats
Viridescent Venerer
(Picture: miHoYo)
As the main choice for her artifacts, we suggest the Viridescent Venerer set, as it will considerably increase the power of your Elemental skills by giving you a 15% Anemo DMG Bonus.
If you manage to get four pieces of this set, it will increase Swirl DMG by 60% and decrease your opponent’s Elemental RES to the element infused in the Swirl by 40% for ten seconds.
The artifacts from this set can be obtained in the Valley of Remembrance Domain, located between the Dawn Winery and the Dragonspine Mountain in Mondstadt.
Noblesse Oblige
(Picture: miHoYo)
For a second option, we will recommend the Noblesse Oblige set, as it will considerably increase the power of her Elemental Burst by 20%, when having two pieces from this set.
However, if you manage to get four pieces of this set, using an Elemental Burst will increase all party members’ ATK by 20% for 12 seconds. This effect cannot stack.
As a reminder, the pieces of this set can be found in the Clear Pool and Mountain Cavern Domain from Liyue.
Artifact Stats
As for the statistics, these will be focused on exploiting her Elemental capabilities, and increasing both her damage and CRIT stats to become a great Sub-DPS combined with her supporting skills:
Main Stats:
ATK
Anemo DMG Bonus
Elemental Mastery
Healing Bonus
Substats:
ATK%
Flat ATK
Elemental Mastery
Energy Recharge
CRIT DMG
CRIT Rate
(Picture: miHoYo)
Recommended team composition and release date
Sayu was created with the idea of becoming one of the best supporting characters in the entire game, thanks to the power of her Elemental abilities, the damage she can output, and the buffs she will create with the right weapon and artifacts.
So, to compliment her play style, you can choose between the following characters based on what suits you best for the battle:
Ganyu (Cryo)
,
Kamisato Ayaka (Cryo)
,
Razor (Electro)
or
Kaeya (Cryo)
: Any of these adventurers can bring a lot of damage into the table, as the Elemental Reactions you can create with their abilities as well as their fast strikes can become a DPS nightmare for any enemy.
Venti (Anemo)
or
Fischl (Electro)
: These two bow characters will serve as both a safe way to make a lot of burst damage using their accurate strikes and abilities, and also open a window for crowd control.
Klee (Pyro)
or
Xiangling (Pyro)
: Combined with Venti or Fischl, the possibilities of powerful Elemental Reactions can be increased drastically.
In case you want to focus more on shielding and healing, you can also alternate your comp by putting either
Zhongli (Geo)
or
Diona (Cryo)
into your party, as any of these can give better chances of survival, as well as buff and debuffs.
And that’s all we gotta share with you about Sayu. Remember, she will only be available from 10th to 31st August in the banner “Tapestry of Golden Flames” along with Yoimiya’s debut, so try to save as many Primogems as you can.
Read more:
Genshin Impact Sayu: Character ascension, talent level-up materials required and how to get them
In the meantime, don’t forget to join our community of travellers on our
Genshin Impact Twitter account
, where you will find tips, tricks, guides, and more.