Sayu Build Guide Genshin Impact Update 04/2026
Updated at: 31-07-2023
-
By:
Leo Hall
Sayu is a master of the Anemo Claymore, allowing her to serve as a Healer, a secondary damage dealer, and even the main damage dealer in some situations. Which skills you train her in and what weapons you give her depend on her purpose.
Có thể bạn quan tâm
How To Apply Thermal Paste Cpu Gpu Update 04/2026
Hardest Monsters Monster Hunter Rise Update 04/2026
Hbm Hbm2 Hbm2e Update 04/2026
Diablo 4 Release Date Trailer News And Rumors Update 04/2026
Bioshock Game Order Update 04/2026
The primary focus of this guide will be on her use as a sub-DPS based on the Swirl mechanic who can also heal effectively.
Bạn đang xem:
Sayu Build Guide Genshin Impact Update 04/2026
We will also cover the best weapons and artifacts for healing and damage per second (DPS) builds, but we won’t spend much time on them because Sayu’s optimal support playstyle is a mix of Swirl sub-DPS and healing.
Contents
Talent Priority
Passive Talents
Constellations
Best Weapon
Best Artifacts – 4-Viridescent Venerer
Elemental Synergies
Best Team Composition
Free-to-Play
For Whales
Genshin Impact Sayu build guide – The best Sayu build
The best Sayu weapon
The best Sayu Artifacts
Genshin Impact Sayu build guide – The best Sayu build for F2P players
The best Sayu weapon for F2P
The best Sayu Artifacts for F2P
Genshin Impact Sayu build guide – The best Sayu party comp
FAQS:
Is Sayu Worth It?
Is SAYU good Genshin Impact?
Is SAYU a good support?
What stats are good for SAYU?
Is SAYU the best healer?
Talent Priority
Talent
Description
Priority
Common Assault
“Ninja Sword” (Shuumatsuban)
Regular Assault
:
• Can launch up to four blows in rapid succession.
Assault in a Charge
:
• Channels The endurance to launch a never-ending barrage of spinning attacks at anyone in range. Finish the sequence with a stronger slash.
Assault from Below
:
Damages foes in its path and deals area-of-effect damage (AoE DMG) when it hits the ground.
This is easily Sayu’s strongest ability outside of a meme Physical DMG build.
least significant ability
.
Power Over Nature
(Fuin Dash, a Yoohoo Artwork)
The unique Yoohoo Ninja Arts method!
Sayu coils into a rolling Fuufuu Windwheel, charging at foes and dealing Anemo damage in the process.
At the end of the cooldown, she performs an area-of-effect Anemo damage dealing Fuufuu Whirlwind Kick.
Press
Rolls forward a short distance before executing the Fuufuu Whirlwind Kick and entering the Fuufuu Windwheel state.
Hold
Constantly shifting position while in the Fuufuu Windwheel state makes Sayu more impervious to disruption.
Sayu has full control over the trajectory of her roll and can cancel out of the Windwheel state early to perform a more powerful version of the Fuufuu Whirlwind Kick during this time.
This ability’s Hold form can cause Elemental Absorption to activate.
This ability can only be used for a maximum of 10 seconds before going into cooldown. Sayu’s CD lengthens the longer she stays in Windwheel mode.
Capturing the elements
While in her Windwheel state, Sayu deals extra elemental damage of hydro, pyro, cryo, and electro if she comes into contact with them.
Each use of this ability is limited to a single instance of Elemental Absorption.
When it comes to Genshin Impact’s Elemental Skills, Fuuin Dash is among the most enjoyable options. While the press mode is helpful for proccing Swirl and producing elemental particles, that’s not even the most interesting feature. If you use the hold version of the skill, you can essentially transform into Sonic the Hedgehog and zip all over the battlefield, leaving a trail of destruction in your wake as you procc multiple Swirl reactions. Fuuin Dash may be a lot of fun, but it is still only Sayu.
2
nd
top-tier talent
.
Spark of the Elements
“Mujina Flurry” (Yahoo Art)
The second incredible secret weapon of the Yoohoo Ninja Arts!
It calls forth a pair of hands to assist Sayu.
Heals all nearby party members and deals Anemo damage to nearby enemies. Sayu’s ATK determines the amount of HP that can be restored. After using this ability, a Muji-Muji Daruma will appear.
Daruma Muji Muji
At predetermined intervals, the Daruma will respond to its environment in one of several ways:
• It will attack a nearby enemy and deal Anemo DMG if the combined HP of all nearby characters is at least 70%.
• If there are other active characters in close proximity who have 70% or less HP, it will heal the one with the lowest percentage.
If there are no enemies around, it will heal any nearby active characters, regardless of their health.
A Tanuki-like balloon appears after Sayu explodes, which can either heal allies or deal Anemo damage to enemies. It works like Bennet’s Burst in that it either heals or deals damage depending on your current health. Most impressive, Sayu’s healing ability increases in proportion to her attack power.
And this is her
supreme ability
.
Passive Talents
Abbreviation for Performer’s Name
Description
Evaluation
Silencer’s Secret, a Yoohoo Artwork
With Sayu in the group, approaching Crystalflies and other animals will not cause them to flee in fear.
Sayu’s mobile-exclusive skill makes her a must-have. But it’s useful for PC and PS4/5 gamers as well.
A More Able Individual
While active, Sayu heals all characters and allies within range of her Swirl reaction for 300 health. Every point of Elemental Mastery she has will allow her to restore 1.2 additional HP.
Once every two seconds, you can activate this effect.
With this ability, Sayu can still heal her allies while employing her Elemental Skill. You should have a lot of Elemental Mastery if you’re making her with Swirl DMG in mind, as you will be if you follow this guide.
Today is a day off!
Yoohoo Art’s Muji-Muji Daruma, Mujina Flurry, benefits from the following:
• When healing a character, it restores 20% of the healed HP to nearby allies.
• Enlarges the area of effect of its attack.
At 4
th
As the party gains experience and level, Sayu’s best Talent improves to provide more healing for everyone and a higher DMG cap.
Many different builds are possible for Sayu, as we discussed above, but the best one will maximize her strengths. In addition, Sayu’s goal is to heal the group while proccing Swirl.
Therefore, when arming her, we will place greater emphasis on Elemental Mastery rather than Energy Recharge. First, let’s test your optimism after successfully removing Sayu’s carbon copies.
Constellations
Name of a Constellation
Description
Evaluation
Jutsu ni muti-taskedness
Yoohoo Art’s Muji-Muji Daruma, Mujina Flurry, has no HP cap and can heal and attack nearby foes at the same time.
Besides the obvious allusions, Sayu’s first constellation truly embodies who she is.
strongest one
, allowing you to heal and deal damage with her Burst ability.
Safety Drills for Evacuations
The following advantages are granted by Yoohoo Art: Fuuin Dash:
Press Mode Fuufuu Whirlwind Kick has seen a 3.3% increase in its DMG.
• The damage of this Fuufuu Whirlwind Kick is increased by 3.3% for every 0.5 seconds spent in the Fuufuu Windwheel state. This method can be used to increase DMG by a maximum of 66%.
The ceiling in C2 is so high that the floor is practically nonexistent. If you only ever use her Skill’s Press Mode, this won’t matter.
With the right team composition, however, you can make excellent use of Hold Mode, which improves with this alignment.
The Bunshin Can Take It, I Guess.
Raise’s the Yoohoo Art: Mujina Flurry level cap to 3.
Maximum level of upgrades is 15.
It’s a shame that C3 only increases Sayu’s Skill and not her Burst, but since she’s already a 4* character, we can’t complain too much.
Advances in Cutting Corners
When Sayu sets off a Swirl reaction, she gets back 1.2 Energy.
Every two seconds, this effect happens.
Sayu’s Burst has a high Energy cost of 80, but as we’ve discussed before, Elemental Mastery is more useful to her than Energy Recharge. C4 allows you to maximize her Elemental Mastery build by allowing you to use it twice as much.
Faster Is Better
Raise Yoohoo Art: Fuuin Dash’s difficulty by 3.
Maximum level of upgrades is 15.
You can’t go wrong by increasing the power of Sayu’s already phenomenal Burst.
Time to Turn in
Yoohoo Art by Sayu, featuring the Muji-Muji Daruma: Now Mujina Flurry can take advantage of her Elemental Mastery as well. The following effects will occur for each point in Sayu’s Elemental Mastery:
Adds 0.2% Attack Bonus to the damage done by Muji-Muji Daruma attacks. The maximum possible increase to ATK using this method is 400%.
The Muji-Muji Daruma’s healing power is improved by 3. Additional HP restoration up to a maximum of 6,000.
The C6 that Sayu has created is completely insane. The ceiling on this constellation is through the roof, and stacking Elemental Mastery isn’t hard if you have Kazuha or Sucrose.
Instead of using the weapons mentioned below, think about using Rainslasher if you have C6.
Sayu seems to be on track to become a 4* S-Tier character. She, like Bennet, can heal you and boost your DPS even when you’re at C0. Only she can wear the exclusive 4-Piece Viridescent Venerer set because she is even more attuned to the stars than Bennet is.
Despite the fact that Sayu is an Anemo character with a pricey Burst, she is not to be underestimated. She’ll be a great support/healer for your second team in Spiral Abyss even if she ends up being slightly worse than Bennet. And she fits neatly into
any
team!
Best Weapon
Rareness of Arms
Explanation
Pride to the Skies
5*
The high base ATK, Energy Recharge substat, and passive all work wonderfully with Sayu, making this weapon an excellent choice if you want to get a few swings in before switching characters.
A Tombstone for Wolf
5*
Sayu’s healing increases proportionally to attack power, and Wolf’s Gravestone provides massive attack power. The passive of a support character, for example, can be used to increase the team’s strength.
It’s Nagamasa Katsuragakiri.
5*
The Inazuma claymore, which can be crafted, seems tailor-made for Sayu; after a full duration of Hold, its built-in energy generation has the same cooldown as Sayu’s Elemental Skill. When perfected, this weapon is truly remarkable. If not, consider one of the alternative 4* Energy Recharge swords we’ve included below.
Greatsword Favonius
4*
The Favonius Greatsword provides reliable ATK and a high rate of Energy Recharge. You should pick it over Sayu if you don’t spend a lot of time rolling around, thanks to its passive’s ability to proc off of your Burst even when Sayu is off-field.
Greatsword of Sacrifice
4*
Similar to the Favonius Greatsword, but with the added benefit of enhancing your Elemental Skill, is the Sacrificial Greatsword. The weapon’s passive makes it simple to get two consecutive full-duration Hold casts, allowing you to get in a full 20 seconds of spinning action if you run Sayu like Sonic.
Classical Prototype
4*
Sayu is a good candidate for the Prototype Archaic, a weapon that can be crafted. Her high ATK scaling will be a huge boon to her healing, and her passive will do wonders for those who like to throw in the occasional Normal Attack.
Best Artifacts – 4-Viridescent Venerer
Sayu’s versatility makes her playable in a wide variety of styles, but we find that she excels in the Swirl support build.
Power over the Elements
on the
Sands
,
Anemo DMG
on the
Goblet
, and
ATK%
on the
Logos
.
Don’t give in to the notion that
Additional Healing
upon the Logos. This would not only give her greater healing potential, but also
ATK%
raises her healing and damage output. Those of you who are so fortunate as to possess a C6 Sayu need only
Control of the Elements
on the Beach, Wine Glass
and
Logos. You can also substitute the Sands for whatever you like.
Power Infusion
if you aren’t using an ER weapon system. This reduces the effectiveness of her Swirls, but it is more important to be able to use her Burst as soon as it becomes available.
You need to focus on the following breakdown statistics:
Power Boost, in %ATK
, and
Control of the Elements
. In most cases, a character’s CRIT Rate and crit damage would be considered their best statistics, but
It’s impossible to crit a Swirl.
you can safely disregard them and start making use of previously discarded artifacts.
In our opinion, the best set bonus is the
Venerer Set, Emerald Green, 4 Piece
suitable for Sayu the most. This will increase her Anemo DMG and Swirl DMG and also increase the Elemental DMG dealt by your DPS.
However, there is more than one way to manage Sayu. The
Noblesse Oblige, Set of 4
also effective on her, as do the
Chosen Destiny’s 4-Piece Symbol
. While the 4-Piece Maiden’s Beloved isn’t recommended, it is possible to increase healing by combining the pieces.
Two-Piece Idol of the Maiden
any of the other sets mentioned up to this point, or the set with the two-piece bonus
Memory of Shimenawa, Parts 1 & 2
/
The End of the Gladiator
.
This demonstrates that Sayu is a character who can deliver impressive results with minimal effort. You can make her work very well with a lot of other set bonuses even if you don’t have a good 4-Piece Viridescent set to give her. And she doesn’t hoard things like CRIT Logos or ATK% Sands, which have extremely valuable main stats.
Elemental Synergies
If you’re an outgoing person, Anemo is your element because it gets along with everyone. Except for one, that is.
Pyro
,
Hydro
,
Cryo
, and
Electro
all succeed
highly effective
and Sayu. Instead of focusing on the parts themselves, you should analyze how her playstyle meshes with the character kits available.
If you’re running Sayu, there’s only one Element you should worry about avoiding:
Geo
In the same way that you can’t Swirl Geo, you also can’t Crystalize Anemo. The Geo Element itself is useless, but Geo characters can still be used for their Shields or other utilities.
Best Team Composition
Free-to-Play
Sayu
Xiangling
Kaeya
Sucrose
Xem thêm :
Best Wireless Keyboard And Mouse Update 04/2026
Kaeya and Xiangling are available to everyone, leaving only Sucrose as a possible roster hole for free-to-play players; we will provide replacements for her.
Xiangling
utilizes for her Burst. Pyronado spins clockwise around the protagonist. Counterclockwise movement increases the number of tics scored against a single foe. When Sayu is using her Skill, no other character can even come close to her speed.
Kayea
Similarly, he employs for his Burst, which acts much like Pyronado. While Sayu is spinning, both Bursts will follow her and, best of all, trigger Melt to deal insane damage.
Sucrose
increases the group’s Elemental Mastery, provides Sayu with Anemo energy, and triggers the Anemo Resonance. Your Swirls will become more effective, and the Melt reactions triggered by Kaeya and Xiangling will be even more devastating, thanks to the additional EM.
You can make your team completely free-to-play by swapping out Sucrose for the
Electro
Traveler
who can easily provide Sayu with Vitality. Because of this, Xianging or Kaeya can now be used as a Physical DPS even when their Bursts are not active, thanks to Superconduct. You can also use in place of Sucrose:
Amber
By using Amber’s taunt, you can keep enemies near Sayu’s Burst and gain the beneficial Pyro Resonance for your entire team.
For Whales
Sayu
Xiangling
Ganyu
Mona
The whale team competition in Sayu functions similarly to the F2P team competition.
Mona
Hydros the opponent, amplifies their damage taken, and taunts them into staying close to Sayu’s Burst.
Ganyu
while Pyronado is on cooldown, she keeps enemies frozen with Burst and deals most of her damage.
Xiangling
She deals insane damage with her Burst ability while spinning wildly around her foes.
You can substitute if you don’t have access to Ganyu:
Ayaka
Xiangling can be substituted with
Kazuha
supplementary EM or
Venti
to take advantage of the synergy between the Venti, Mona, and Ganyu tri-core, but remember that Sayu is a bit player in that lineup.
Genshin Impact Sayu build guide – The best Sayu build
Sayu’s Skill and Burst are her greatest strengths, and you can tailor her build to prioritize either one.
The best Sayu weapon
The Wolf’s Gravestone claymore is a good choice if you want to get the most out of Sayu’s Skill, Elemental Absorption. Its special skill and secondary stat combine to increase the user’s attack by 20%.
Elemental Absorption, in contrast to Swirl, derives its strength from the user’s damage rather than the already present element. Sayu benefits greatly in regular combat from her newfound attack power. But it also improves the healing power of the Muji-Muji Daruma and makes her potential support role more valuable when employing Fuuin Dash.
Skyward Pride is also a good option if you want to construct Sayu around her Burst. This not only speeds up Energy recharging, but boosts damage by 8-12 percent. This allows Sayu to more frequently heal the party or deal Anemo damage to nearby enemies by calling upon the Muji-Muji Daruma.
If you want the Daruma’s healing to be even more effective, you should consider boosting her attack with Artifacts.
The best Sayu Artifacts
Depending on your preferred playstyle, Sayu offers a variety of Artifact set options.
It is recommended that a healing Sayu contain some
Sweetheart Maiden
Artifacts.
Two-Piece Effect: 15% Greater Healing
When an Elemental Skill or Burst is used, all party members’ healing is increased by 20% for 10 seconds.
The enhanced Energy recharge provided by the two-piece effect is a welcome addition to either Scholar or The Exile.
Xem thêm :
Is G2a Legit Update 04/2026
For DPS purposes, Sayu should prioritize developing her attack and Elemental strength. If you can’t find a complete set of Viridescent Venerers, Noblesse Oblige will suffice as a substitute.
The Emerald Venerer
Piece 2: Anemo damage increased by 15%
Effect of all 4 pieces: Swirl damage is increased by 60%. For 10 seconds, your opponent will have 40% less resistance to the element that was infused into the Swirl.
What’s Due is Duty
Elemental Burst damage increased by 20% (two-piece effect).
The Elemental Burst’s four-piece effect raises everyone’s attack by 20% for 12 seconds. Having this and any other effect at the same time is impossible.
Genshin Impact Sayu build guide – The best Sayu build for F2P players
With the release of the new Inazuma weapons, Sayu now has a completely viable free-to-play build.
The best Sayu weapon for F2P
If you want to impress Sayu without breaking the bank, forging the new Katsuragikiri Nagamasa claymore is the way to go. It has a high Energy recharge rate for a secondary stat, and a respectable attack stat for a four-star weapon. The Nagamasa has a unique ability that provides a 6% damage bonus from Elemental Skills and a 2% speed boost to Energy regeneration.
The best Sayu Artifacts for F2P
Sayu’s Artifacts should focus on her Elemental skills just as much as the Katsuragikiri Nagamasa does.
For this composition, I recommend using the Viridescent Venerer/Noblesse Oblige set. However, you can make Sayu more well-rounded by choosing
Dim Light
instead.
Two-Piece Effect: 25% Higher Damage
The Elemental Skill hit piece increases attack by 9% for 7 seconds. You can activate this effect once every 0.3s, and it can stack up to twice. When you get to two stacks, the 2-set effect becomes multiplied by 1.
Genshin Impact Sayu build guide – The best Sayu party comp
In the case of Sayu, Elemental Resonance is less important than in most other cases. Her most effective attacks won’t require much stamina, and the Skill’s 5% CD reduction isn’t all that helpful.
Since Sayu can move around thanks to her Skill, it is important for the party to have a wide range of Elemental attacks. Options could include:
Yoimiya
Xiangling
Mona
Xingqiu
Fischl
Razor
Chogyun
For her next level, Sayu will require a few of the brand new Genshin Impact items. Ascension requires Crystal Marrow, which can only be found in a select few locations. Like Yoimiya’s Transcience equipment, the Teachings of Light that she uses for her Talent come from the Violet Court.
FAQS:
Is Sayu Worth It?
If you’ve looked at our character Tier List, you know that not many 4* characters are in the S-Tier category. Sayu is a lot like Bennet, a 4* character who is more highly regarded than most 5* characters.
Her Explosion has the potential to mend
and
The DMG deal. And, as we’ve already mentioned, she’s a better scaler of constellations than Bennet. Whether or not her status as an Anemo character will prevent her from reaching S-Tier remains to be seen, but even if it does, she is incredibly versatile and can be used in a wide variety of roles.
any
team.
We can’t stress how important she is as a healer/support for your second team in Abyss
how well she interacts with a wide variety of free roles
that every participant has access to. Click here for details on how to get your hands on her.
Is SAYU good Genshin Impact?
The Supreme Impact of Genshin The work-averse ninja can be transformed into either an Anemo powerhouse or a powerful healer by using the Sayu build. Sayu may not be as devastating as Ayaka, but she has proven herself
formidable aptitude
in order to trigger a series of Elemental Reactions across a large area of the battlefield.
Is SAYU a good support?
She is
skilled in both protecting and harming
, which makes her a valuable asset to the team. To make the most of her potent heals, you should prioritize her support skills as you build her. Depending on your team composition, you can use her as either a physical DPS or a sub-DPS.
What stats are good for SAYU?
The most important metrics are
ATK Sands
Anemo Damage Percentage Goblet, and a Circlet of Critical Success or Failure, based on your Crit Chance. Four-part harmony: Swirl’s damage is increased by 60%. For 10 seconds, your opponent will have 40% reduced Elemental RES to the element infused in your Swirl.
Is SAYU the best healer?
Sayu may not be the best choice for a 4-star support character, but she is still a viable option
a renown Genshin doctor
Impact. Her healing abilities are all based on her Elemental explosion in Genshin Impact. Even though Sayu’s healing abilities aren’t as powerful as those of other Genshin Impact characters, she is still useful in a pinch.
Nguồn:
https://gemaga.com
Danh mục:
Blog
More From
Blog
Pokemon Sword And Shield Make Money Fast Update 04/2026
Power Supply Efficiency Ratings Update 04/2026
Animal Crossing: New Horizons Guide – How To Find Every Sea Creature? Update 04/2026
Is A 240hz Monitor Worth It For Gaming Update 04/2026
Fear Games In Order Update 04/2026
Fall Guys Tips Strategies Every Minigame Update 04/2026
Fallout 4 System Requirements Update 04/2026
Easiest Video Games Update 04/2026
Eula Build Guide Genshin Impact Update 04/2026
Everwild Release Date Trailer News And Rumors Update 04/2026
More from
Blog
Pokemon Sword And Shield Make Money Fast Update 04/2026
Power Supply Efficiency Ratings Update 04/2026
Animal Crossing: New Horizons Guide – How To Find Every Sea Creature? Update 04/2026
Is A 240hz Monitor Worth It For Gaming Update 04/2026
Fear Games In Order Update 04/2026
Fall Guys Tips Strategies Every Minigame Update 04/2026
Fallout 4 System Requirements Update 04/2026
Easiest Video Games Update 04/2026
Eula Build Guide Genshin Impact Update 04/2026