By
Marc Santos
Published
05/07/21 AT 6:20 AM EDT
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Reddit
Share on Flipboard
Share on Pocket
KEY POINTS
Diona is great for healing, shielding and setting up Cryo reactions
She can use either the Favonius Warbow or the Sacrificial Bow
Noblesse Oblige is her best artifact set, but the other support sets can also be used to good effect
Among “Genshin Impact’s” current pool of characters, Diona is arguably one of the best for recharging a party’s energy while also keeping them alive with powerful heals and indestructible shields.
She does need a fair bit of investment to get her to sustain energy recharge rates to absurd amounts, but even a Diona with low
weapon and artifact investment
can provide a substantial advantage to any party composition.
Here’s a short guide on how to play Diona and some of her best builds for “Genshin Impact” players who are looking for a top-tier, four-star support character.
Diona’s Playstyle
As a support character, Diona has very low damage output. Her main strength lies in her ability to consistently provide energy, shields and healing for other party members while also setting up Cryo reactions for either Melt teams or Physical damage carries like Rosaria and Razor.
Diona's Elemental Burst is great for setting up elemental combos
Genshin Impact
Diona will mostly be on-field only to cast her abilities before popping back out, but don’t forget that she can be used to hit enemy weak spots like Ruin Guard eyes. Her Elemental Skill can be charged up to deal more hits and increase her shield’s damage absorption.
Best Weapons For Diona
The
Favonius Warbow
is a great option because of its high Energy Recharge value, but its passive will require a decent amount of Crit RATE to be useful. Players can opt to use the
Sacrificial Bow
instead, trading a bit of Energy Recharge for a slightly more consistent passive effect that will reset Elemental Skill cooldowns if activated.
Best Artifact Sets For Diona
Diona has three main artifact sets to choose from:
Tenacity of the Millelith, Maiden Beloved
and
Noblesse Oblige.
Noblesse is mainly for buffing the party’s damage while also increasing Diona’s Elemental Burst damage. This set is worth using mostly for the four-piece bonus since Diona won’t really be dealing any damage herself.
The Tenacity of the Millelith set is a more well-rounded option than Noblesse because of the passive increase to Diona’s
HP
, which will boost her shield strength. However, the four-piece bonus will only be active for three seconds after hitting an enemy with her Elemental Skill, limiting the buff to small burst windows.
Finally, Maiden Beloved is best for a sustain-oriented build for teams that are having trouble surviving, since the set boosts Diona’s healing power. Given how potent her heal already is, she can easily restore an ally’s health to full while also mitigating their damage taken with her shield.
For stats, prioritize
Energy Recharge
and
HP
. If using the Favonius Warbow, feel free to add some
Crit RATE
for the sake of the weapon’s passive.
RELATED STORIES
'Genshin Impact' Adeptal Energy Rank: How To Boost And Reach Humble Abode Fast
'Genshin Impact' Yanfei Builds: Best Weapons, Artifacts And Team Lineups
© Copyright IBTimes 2026. All rights reserved.