Diona is Monstadt's resident cat girl and a prodigal bartender whose talents stem from a blessing from the Spring Fairy—despite her distaste for anything related to alcohol. On the battlefield, Diona is a
four-star Cryo bow user
who excels as one of the game's most versatile Support units, with the ability to both shield and heal allies.
Recommended Videos
She can be summoned from both the standard and limited Wish banners and was given for free during the Energy Amplifier Initiation event.
Gameplay
Diona is an all-around Support who can
shield
allies with her Elemental Skill. Pressing it will create a Shield and fire two projectiles that deal Cryo Damage. Meanwhile, holding will fire five projectiles and increase the shield's Damage Absorption bonus by 75 percent. The shield stays active even when Diona is off-field and can protect characters from any kind of Damage—but it's significantly more effective against Cryo Damage.
On the other hand, Diona's Elemental Burst creates an AoE field that continuously deals Cryo Damage and
heals
characters within its vicinity. Diona can be built to lean toward her shielding or healing abilities, or a good balance of both.
Related:
Best Kokomi Builds in Genshin Impact
Weapon
Screenshot by Pro Game Guides
Diona is best deployed with a bow with an Energy Recharge substat to offset her Elemental Burst's 80 Energy Cost. Her
best-in-slot weapon would be the Sacrificial Bow
, which gives an Energy Recharge substat. Its passive can reset the cooldown of the wielder's Elemental Skill, increasing Diona's shield uptime.
An alternative four-star weapon would be the
Favonius Warbow
. Among the five-stars, opt for the
Elegy for the End
, which helps build Energy Recharge for a heal-focused Diona. Among three-star options, the
Recurve bow
is the best choice for its HP-focused stats, making it great if you're aiming to build Diona as a shielder.
Artifacts
There are two Artifact combinations that equally suit Diona's kit. One would be the four-piece Noblesse Oblige, which is especially good when you want to focus on Diona's healing:
Two-piece:
Elemental Burst Damage +20 percent
Four-piece:
Using an Elemental Burst increases all party members' Attack by 20 percent for 12 seconds. This effect cannot stack.
Another great option is a combination of two Artifact Sets that empower both Diona's shield and heal capabilities:
Tenacity of the Millelith two-piece:
HP +20 percent
Emblem of Severed Fate two-piece:
Energy Recharge +20 percent
For Artifact stats, consider giving Diona
as much HP as possible
to make her shield stronger. If you use a weapon without Energy Recharge, roll a bit of this stat to help with her Elemental Burst uptime. Giving her a Healing Bonus Circlet will also increase her healing capacity.
Best Team For Diona
As an all-around Support, Diona is easy to slot into
any team that's struggling with survivability
. But if you want to make the most out of her Cryo Element, consider placing her in
Permafreeze
teams
. These include Hydro applicators like Mona, Barbara, Xingqiu, and Sangonomiya Kokomi, and Cryo Damage dealers like Ganyu, Kamisato Ayaka, Kaeya, and Eula.
Check out our guide on the
Best Team Comps in Genshin Impact
to help you explore teams for Diona.
More Posts from PGG