Diona is a playable Cryo character in Genshin Impact. She is one of the most powerful and thus popular characters for playing as a Support. We decided to write this guide to help you learn more about Diona. In our Genshin Impact Diona Build and Best Team Comp post you will learn about Diona’s talents, how they work and how to upgrade them. Also, you will read about her Constellations that will help you make Diona even more powerful. After that, we have written Genshin Impact Diona Build where you’ll see weapon and artifact set. And at last, we have mentioned the best team comps for Diona as the Support hero.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
The whole information is presented in tables. You can use the navigation bar above to move quickly to the information block that you are most interested in.
Talents
Constellations
Build
Team
Diona Build
Below you can see the best weapon option for playing Diona in Genshin Impact. Accompanied by the best Diona artifact set and its stat priorities.
Support Build
If you play this champion as a Support in your comp you should take the weapon and artifacts from the list below. They are believed to be the most effective ones in almost all situations.
Weapon
Sacrificial Bow
Weapon Substitutes:
Favonius Warbow
.
Artifact Set
Noblesse Oblige
(4-Piece)
Artifact Main Stats Priority:
Energy Recharge / HP%
HP%
Healing Bonus / HP%
Sub Stats Priority: Energy Recharge > HP% > HP > Elemental Mastery
Talent Priority
Signature Mix > Icy Paws > Kätzlein Style
Best Team Compositions for Diona
When you play Genshin Impact everything depends not only on your main character but also on the composition. You should learn how elements complement each other and build the best team for your main. Below you can see the best team composition for Diona with Main DPS and two sub DPS characters. Also, we have included alternative characters for each role that go well with Diona too.
Diona is one of top supports in Genshin Impact. She has got strong shield and good healing from an Elemental burst. Taking into account that Diona is Cryo she is great for Cryo main DPS characters. Ganyu will get great support from Diona. While Mona will apply Hydro effect and taunt enemies with her skill. That’s a perfect combination for Ganyu. Venti will keep enemies together which is important in combinations with AOE damage.
Good characters for this comp:
Kamisato Ayaka, Hu Tao, Diluc, Klee, Yanfei, Xingqiu, Sucrose.
If you want to know more about every teammate for Diona you can click on the link below and find them in the list of all Genshin Impact characters that we have described.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
In case you are still not sure what champion you want to pick as main we have
Genshin Impact characters tier list
with explanations on how to build your best team.
Diona Talents
Below you can see the list of talents that Diona uses during the fight. Each of them we have described with the main characteristics.
Kätzlein Style
Normal Attack
Normal Attack:
Perform up to 5 consecutive shots with a bow.
Charged Attack:
Perform a more precise Aimed Shot with increased DMG.
While aiming, biting frost will accumulate on the arrowhead. A fully charged frost arrow will deal Cryo DMG.
Plunging Attack:
Fires off a shower of arrows in mid-air before falling and striking the ground, dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Icy Paws
Elemental Skill
Fires an Icy Paw that deals Cryo DMG to opponents and forms a shield on hit. The shield’s DMG Absorption scales based on Diona’s Max HP, and its duration scales off the number of Icy Paws that hit their target.
Press:
Rapidly fires off 2 Icy Paws.
Hold:
Dashes back quickly before firing five Icy Paws. The shield created by a Hold attack will gain a 75% DMG Absorption Bonus.
The shield has a 250% Cryo DMG Absorption Bonus, and will cause your active character to become affected by Cryo at the point of formation for a short duration.
Signature Mix
Elemental Burst
Tosses out a special cold brew that deals AoE Cryo DMG and creates a Drunken Mist in an AoE.
Drunken Mist:
Deals continuous Cryo DMG to opponents within the AoE.
Continuously regenerates the HP of characters within the AoE.
Cat’s Tail Secret Menu
1st Ascension Passive
Characters shielded by Icy Paws have their Movement SPD increased by 10% and their Stamina Consumption decreased by 10%.
Drunkards’ Farce
4th Ascension Passive
Opponents who enter the AoE of Signature Mix have 10% decreased ATK for 15s.
Complimentary Bar Food
Utility Passive
When a Perfect Cooking is achieved on a dish with restorative effects, Diona has a 12% chance to obtain double the product.
Every talent can be upgraded up to level 15. But to do so you will need to gather materials on particular days. The list of the needed materials for leveling Diona’s talents is mentioned in the next block.
Talent Leveling Materials
So here you can see all materials that you will need in order to level up Diona’s talents.
Talent Level-Up Materials
Freedom Books:
Teachings of Freedom
,
Guide to Freedom
,
Philosophies of Freedom
.
Common Ascension Materials
Firm Arrowhead
,
Sharp Arrowhead
,
Weathered Arrowhead
.
Weekly Boss Material
Shard of a Foul Legacy
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
Some of them are required at the beginning for low levels and others are more advanced. We just wanted to focus your attention on material types in general.
Diona Constellations
In Genshin Impact characters have a specific upgrade system called constellation. You will need to get a specific item called Stella Fortuna to increase the level of constellation. Each character has their own version of Stella Fortuna, which you get by obtaining a duplicate of the character from Wishes.
Level 1
A Lingering Flavor
Regenerates 15 Energy for Diona after the effects of Signature Mix end.
Level 2
Shaken, Not Purred
Increases Icy Paws’ DMG by 15%, and increases its shield’s DMG Absorption by 15%.
Additionally, when paws hit their targets, creates a shield for other nearby characters on the field with 50% of the Icy Paws shield’s DMG Absorption for 5s.
Level 3
A—Another Round?
Increases the Level of Signature Mix by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4
Wine Industry Slayer
Within the radius of Signature Mix, Diona’s charge time for aimed shots is reduced by 60%
Level 5
Double Shot, On The Rocks
Increases the Level of Icy Paws by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6
Cat’s Tail Closing Time
Characters within Signature Mix’s radius will gain the following effects based on their HP amounts:
Increases Incoming Healing Bonus by 30% when HP falls below or is equal to 50%.
Elemental Mastery increased by 200 when HP is above 50%.
Every Genshin Impact character has own set of constellations above you can see Diona constellations list with descriptions.
Ascension Materials
In addition, there are ascension phases that increase the level cap for your character. After Diona reaches the 20th level she can be ascended to the next ascension phase, up to phase 6, which allow getting 90th level.
Character Ascension Materials
Shivada Jade:
Shivada Jade Sliver
,
Shivada Jade Fragment
,
Shivada Jade Chunk
,
Shivada Jade Gemstone
.
Hoarfrost Core
Common Ascension Materials
Firm Arrowhead
,
Sharp Arrowhead
,
Weathered Arrowhead
.
Local Specialty
Calla Lily
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
In order to level up ascension phases you’ll need materials. So the list of those required for Diona is listed above.
Artem R.
I have been an avid gamer since childhood. My favorite genres are RPGs, Action, and MMOs. Some of my all-time favorite games include the Diablo and Path of Exile ARPG series, the Dark Souls series, and JRPGs like Xenoblade, Atelier, and the Final Fantasy. I am also a big fan of the PSP and PS Vita, and I currently enjoy gaming on my Nintendo Switch.
Post Views:
10,543
Please share it with your friends
Tags:
Genshin Impact
Post navigation
Previous
What Does Diablo 3 Eternal Collection Include?
Next
Genshin Impact Kaedehara Kazuha Banner Release Date