Best Characters To Use With Shenhe In Genshin Impact
Harsha
-
Jan 05, 2022
|
Mobile Games
Shenhe is about to arrive as a polearm-wielding 5-star character. Who can you pair with her to make an unbeatable roster?
Genshin Impact 2.4 Dendro Reactions Leak: Name, Elemental Scaling, And More
The Chasm Genshin Impact Leaks, Release Dates & More
Everything You Need To Know About Guizhong Genshin Impact And Her Love Story With Zhongli
Table of Contents
1. Best characters to use with Shenhe (Premium team)
2. Best characters to use with Shenhe (Free-to-Play team)
3. Shenhe banner release date
Shenhe is arriving in Genshin Impact 2.4 version as a 5-star Cryo character. She and the 4-star Geo Yun Jin will both come along as polearm users. Meanwhile, there are specific characters that can pair well with the Cloud Retainer’s favorite student.
Check out the
best characters to use with Shenhe in Genshin Impact
.
What is Shenhe best team in Genshin Impact?
1. Best characters to use with Shenhe (Premium team)
Although Shenhe has yet been released, she is known to have an Elemental Burst that deals massive Cryo damage and the Icy Quills Elemental Skill effects that boost the whole team’s DMG. That’s why she is the best for Sub-DPS role.
Here are the best premium characters to pair with Shenhe are:
Jean/Kokomi
Ayaka
Kaedehara Kazuha
Make sure to use characters who can maximize Shenhe's skills.
Because Shenhe has Cryo vision, it is viable to equip a Hydro character beside her in order to trigger Freeze reactions and freeze enemies. Taking one of
many Genshin healers
will be a smart move. Moreover, characters who are attuned to Cryo can also resonate with Shenhe.
While Ayaka can be used as a Main DPS dealing DMG boosted by Shenhe’s Elemental Skill, you can also add Kazuha as a sub DPS as he can create Swirl reactions to boost damage.
2. Best characters to use with Shenhe (Free-to-Play team)
While the aforementioned units require efforts (and sometimes, money) to require, you can also use Shenhe alongside some F2P characters and the result turns out quite awesome.
Xiangling
Bennett/Amber
Barbara
Free-to-play Genshin Impact players can opt to use Shenhe alongside Xiangling, the strongest
free DPS character
, to cause the Melt Elemental Reaction, dealing significant damage.
You can choose to use the strongest free DPS unit, Xiangling, to create Melt with Shenhe. Meanwhile, Bennett and Amber suit the Support role. They share elemental resonance with Xiangling and can also trigger Melt.
Barbara will make a better Healer than Noelle in this case, while Bennett is also viable as Support.
Equipping 2 characters of the same element, such as the main and secondary DMG dealer, will enhance DMG dealt and energy regeneration.
Besides, while you can totally choose Noelle, Barbara will be a better healer for this team as her attunement with Hydro can help Shenhe freeze foes and manage crowd control.
3. Shenhe banner release date
Fans have been waiting for Shenhe to become playable since the first leaks regarding her appearance. Her banner, “The Transcendent One Returns”, is available from January 5, 2022.
In the first phase of version 2.4, a Xiao re-run banner will also be up for grabs. Both Shenhe and Xiao banners will offer an increased drop rate for Yun Jin.
Though Shenhe is a human, she lived amongst the adepti as the Cloud Retainer’s disciple.
On another hand, Shenhe also comes from Liyue, like Yun Jin. As per Genshin Impact lore, among all students that
Cloud Retainer
has, she would pick Shenhe to stay alongside her if she were not mortal.
Shenhe’s lore also provides a rare overview of Cloud Retainer’s personality. Genshin Impact's previous theorized leaks indicated that Cloud Retainer and Shenhe were the same person. However, it has been proven wrong.
5 reasons to pull Shenhe
>>> Related post:
Tips To Farm Every Artifact Domain Genshin Impact: Best Characters & Tactics
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
#Genshin Impact Guide
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025