Click Here to Add Beebom as a Trusted Source
Add as a preferred source on Google
Update: Wriothesley’s build has been updated on March 6, 2025.
Wriothesley is here to send all the wrongdoers back to prison with his Cryo damage and straight hand punch combos. He is one of the best-designed characters in the game, with a good amount of damage in the correct teams. If you are looking for a character who likes issuing a good old-fashioned fist of justice to enemies, then Wriothesley is the perfect pick for you. Here is a complete guide to Wriothesley’s best build, alongside his kit, materials, teams, and weapons in Genshin Impact.
Genshin Impact Wriothesley Stats, Rarity, Element, Weapon Type
Wriothesley is one of the coolest looking characters in the game and if you are planning to pull him, you should learn about his base stats first. Here is all the information about Wriothesley in Genshin Impact.
Rarity
: 5-star
Element (Vision)
: Cryo
Weapon Type
: Catalyst
Max Base HP
: 13593
Max Base Attack
: 311
Max Base Defense
: 763
Base Crit Rate
: 5%
Base Crit Damage
: 50%
Bonus Crit Damage
: 38.4%
Genshin Impact Best Wriothesley Build
Image Credit: Hoyoverse (via YouTube/GenshinImpact, screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
The following is Wriothesley’s best build with his best weapon, artifact, stats, and teams in Genshin Impact:
Artifact
: Marechaussee Hunter (4-piece)
Weapon
: Cashflow Supervision (5-star), The Widsith (4-star)
Main Stats
: Attack% (Sands), Cryo Damage Bonus % (Goblet), and Crit Damage % (Circlet)
Sub Stats
: Crit Damage = Crit Rate > Attack % > ERR
Team
: Wriothesley, Mavuika, Xilonen, Furina
Looking for more build variety for Wriothesley? Check out the sections below.
Wriothesley Build: Best Artifact
Marechaussee Hunter (4-piece)
Blizzard Strayer (4-piece)
Echoes of An Offering (4-piece)
Shimenawa’s Reminiscence (4-piece)
The best way to build Wriothesley is by
using the 4-piece Marechaussee Hunter artifact set
. Since Wriothesley sacrifices his HP for an attack boost and gains HP using charged attacks, Marachaussee Hunter is tailor-made for Wriothesley. Other than that, you can also try using Blizzard Strayer, Echoes of An Offering, and Shimenawa’s Reminiscence.
Wriothesley Build: Main and Sub Stats
Sands
: Attack%
Goblet
: Cryo Damage Bonus %
Circlet
: Crit Damage %
Sub-stats
: Crit Damage = Crit Rate > Attack % > ERR
For Wriothesley, you need to
stack up as much Crit Rate and Damage
as possible
since most of his damage comes from just raw Crit stats and the Attack% sub-stats. Prioritize Attack percentage on the Sands and sub-stats with Crit Rate and Crit Damage, balance the crit Ratio, and have at least 60% Crit Rate and 220%+ Crit Damage.
Both Marechaussee Hunter and Blizzard Strayer should help you with the Crit Rate and you can solely focus on increasing his Crit Damage. However, if you don’t have good Blizzard and Marechaussee artifacts, you could pair him with Nymph’s Dream and Shimenawa’s for increased Normal and Charged attack damage. As for the stats’ importance: Crit Damage
≡
Crit Rate > Attack%.
Wriothesley Build: Best Weapons
Image Credits: Hoyoverse/Genshin Impact
There are lots of good Catalysts in the game, but some of the best weapons for Wriothesley are the following:
Cashflow Supervision
Tome of the Eternal Flow
Tulaytullah’s Remembrance
The Widsith
Flowing Purity
Mappa Mare
Among all the weapons,
Cashflow Supervision is the best weapon for Wriothesley in
Genshin Impact
.
It increases Wriothesley’s attack and attack speed by a lot, making it very good for him. Other than that, the Tome of the Eternal Flow and Tulaytullah’s Remembrance are good 5-star alternatives.
If you are looking for a 4-star weapon, then The Widsith is the best 4-star weapon for Wriothesley. You can also use Flowing Purity and Mappa Mare.
Wriothesley Build: Best Teams
Melt teams
: Wriothesley, Mavuika, Furina, Xilonen
Double Cryo Melt teams
: Wriothesley, Shenhe, Xiangling, Bennet
Freeze teams
: Wriothesley, Furina, Xilonen, Charlotte
Mono Cryo teams
: Wriothesley, Shenhe, Diona, Kaedehara Kazuha
Hyperbloom teams
: Wriothesley, Furina, Nahida, Kuki Shinobu
When it comes to Wriothesley’s best teams,
melt teams are still the best and most enjoyable for him
. With the additions of Mavuika, Wriothesley’s damage output is also considerably increased. You can pair him with Furina, Mavuika, and Xilonen to create his best team. However, Mavuika’s pyro application is not enough for regular melts if you are using Wriothesley’s normal combo, so make sure to skip the combo mid-way to deal the regular Melt damage.
Other than that, Wriothesley is great with freeze teams and mono cryo teams. You can play him alongside Shenhe to get the extra cryo resonance. Hyperbloom teams are also a decent pick for Wriothesley.
Also Read:
Genshin Impact Mavuika Build: Artifacts, Weapons, and Teams
Genshin Impact Wriothesley Kit
Image Credit: Hoyoverse (via YouTube/GenshinImpact, screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
Wriothesley Talents
To find out where most of Wriothesley’s damage comes from, let’s have a brief look at his Talents and Passives
Normal Attack “
Forceful Fists of Frost
“:
A series of five consecutive blows dealing Cryo Damage. This is where most of his damage comes from. His charged attack unleashes a massive Cryo punch that deals Cryo AoE Damage, consuming a fixed amount of Stamina. His Plunging attack makes him strike the ground from mid-air, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE Cryo damage upon impact.
Elemental Skill
“Icefang Rush”
:
Wriothesley sacrifices a small portion of his HP and enhances his Normal and Charged Attacks to deal more damage. Increases his Interrupt Resistance, and when his HP is above 50%, it will enhance the Repelling Fists of
Normal Attack
and increase its Damage. When such an attack hits, it will consume a fixed amount of Wriothesley’s HP. HP can be lost this way once every 0.1 seconds. This effect will be canceled should Wriothesley leave the field.
Elemental Burst “Darkgold Wolfbite”:
Unleashes a massive AoE Cryo Attack knocking enemies afar. This is a series of five Cryo attacks.
Wriothesley Passives
Passive-1 – There Shall Be a Plea for Justice:
When Wriothesley’s HP is less than 60%, he will obtain a Gracious Rebuke. The next Charged Attack of his Normal Attack will be enhanced to become Rebuke: Vaulting Fist. It will not consume Stamina, will deal 50% increased DMG, and after hitting will restore HP for Wriothesley equal to 30% of his Max HP. You can gain a Gracious Rebuke this way once every 5 seconds.
Passive-2 – There Shall Be a Reckoning for Sin
: When Wriothesley’s current HP increases or decreases, if he is in the Chilling Penalty state conferred by Icefang Rush, Chilling Penalty will gain one stack of Prosecution Edict. Max 5 stacks. Each stack will increase Wriothesley’s ATK by 6%.
Passive-3 – The Duke’s Grace
: When Wriothesley crafts Weapon Ascension Materials, he has a 10% chance to receive double the product.
Wriothesley Materials in Genshin Impact
Here are all of Wriothesley’s character ascension materials:
1 Shivada Jade Sliver
9 Shivada Jade Fragment
9 Shivada Jade Chunk
6 Shivada Jade Gemstone
168 Subdetection Unit
18 Meshing Gear
30 Mechanical Spur Gear
36 Artificed Dynamic Gear
46 “Tourbillon Device”
420k Mora
Here are all of Wriothesley’s skill ascension materials:
3 Teachings of Order
21 Guide to Order
38 Philosophies of Order
6 Meshing Gear
22 Mechanical Spur Gear
31 Artificed Dynamic Gear
6 Primordial Greenbloom
1 Crown of Insight
1653k Mora
Wriothesley Constellations in Genshin Impact
Image Credit: Hoyoverse (via YouTube/GenshinImpact, screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
Here are all the constellations of Wriothesley in Genshin Impact:
C1
(Terror for the Evildoers): Changes the Gracious Rebuke from the first Passive to the following: When Wriothesley’s HP is less than 60% or while he is in the Chilling Penalty state caused by Icefang Rush, when the fifth attack of Repelling Fists hits, it will create a Gracious Rebuke. 1 Gracious Rebuke effect can be obtained every 2.5 seconds. Additionally, Rebuke: Vaulting Fist will obtain the following enhancement:
– The DMG Bonus gained will be further increased to 200%.
– When it hits while Wriothesley is in the Chilling Penalty state, that state’s duration is extended by 4 seconds. 1 such extension can occur per 1 Chilling Penalty duration.
C2
(Shackles for the Arrogant): When using Darkgold Wolfbite, each Prosecution Edict stack from the first Passive Talent will increase said ability’s damage dealt by 40%.
C3
(Punishment for the Frauds): Increases the Normal Attack level by 3.
C4
(Redemption for the Suffering): The HP restored to Wriothesley through Rebuke: Vaulting Fist will be increased to 50% of his Max HP. Additionally, when Wriothesley is healed, if the amount of healing overflows, the following effects will occur, depending on whether he is on the field or not.
– If he is on the field, his Attack Speed will be increased by 20% for 4 seconds.
– If he is off-field, all of your own party members’ Attack Speed will be increased by 10% for 6 seconds. These two methods of increasing Attack Speed cannot stack.
C5
(Mercy for the Wronged): Increases the Normal Attack level by 3.
C6
(Esteem for the Innocent): The Crit Rate of “Rebuke: Vaulting Fist” will be increased by 10%, and its Crit Damage by 80%. When unleashed, it will also create an additional icicle that deals 100% of “Rebuke: Vaulting Fist’s” Base Damage as Cryo Damage. Damage dealt this way is regarded as Charged Attack Damage.
So, that’s everything you need to know about Wriothesley in Genshin Impact. Jump in with the warden of Fontaine and destroy your opponents in the game. Tell us in the comments whether you got him in the game or not.
Related Articles
Genshin Impact Furina Build: Kit, Materials, Artifacts, Teams
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Mar 5, 2025
Genshin Impact Iansan Build: Kit, Materials, Teams, Weapons
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Feb 18, 2025
Varesa Build: Kit, Materials, Teams, Weapons in Genshin Impact
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Mar 14, 2025
Genshin Impact 5.4 Banners: Who Is on the Current Banner?
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Feb 14, 2025
#Tags
#Genshin Impact
Sanmay Chakrabarti
An old soul who loves CRPGs and Souls-Like to death. Takes pleasure in simplifying "Complex and Hard" games for casual players with tailored guides and videos. He loves to explore new places, read fantasy fiction, watch anime, and create wacky character builds in his off time. He also loves solving puzzles,  and is proud of maintaining his long winning streak on NYT Connections.
Comments
3
Leave a Reply
Cancel reply
Add new comment
Name
Email ID
Δ
Loading comments...
Recommended Articles
Genshin Impact Varka Build, Kit, Teams and Materials
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Illuga Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Zibai Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Linnea Build, Kit, and Weapons
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Columbina Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Durin Materials in Genshin Impact: All Materials and How to Farm Them
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Jahoda Materials in Genshin Impact: All Materials and How to Farm Them
Sanmay Chakrabarti
More In Gaming
Sailor Piece Guilds Guide
Ishan Adhikary
How to Get Guild Keys in Sailor Piece
Ishan Adhikary
How to Spawn Sea Beasts in Sailor Piece
Ishan Adhikary
How to Get Dragon Goddess Sword in Sailor Piece
Bipradeep Biswas
How to Get The World in Sailor Piece
Bipradeep Biswas
How to Get Cosmic Being in Sailor Piece
Bipradeep Biswas
How to Get World Outfit in Sailor Piece
Arnamoy Das