Tighnari Team Comps Guide For Genshin Impact 3.0
Muhammad Kumar
-
Aug 25, 2022
|
Mobile Games
Tighnari is a great 5-star Dendro DPS character whose potential can be unlocked via reactions. Check this post for the best Tighnari team comps.
List Of All Collei Ascension Materials In Genshin Impact 3.0
Genshin Impact 3.1 Leaks: Cyno Gameplay, New Desert Map
BEST Dendroculus Locations In Genshin Impact Sumeru For Travelers
Tighnari is a 5-Star Dendro Bow character in Genshin Impact. He is a powerful Dendro DPS, with strong charged attacks, great single target damage, and a powerful spammable elemental burst.
In this article, Gurugamer is going to showcase a complete Tighnari team comps guide for Genshin Impact 3.0.
6 best Tighnari team comps
Tighnari excels at being the main damage dealer. His kit revolves around doing big damage by triggering Dendro Elemental Reaction such as Quicken. Along with the nature of Dendro revolving around Elemental Mastery, the top Tighnari lineups are all reaction based.
1. Tighnari Catalyze Team #1
Tighnari + Collei + Yae Miko + Zhongli
Yae Miko can serve as the sub DPS in a Tighnari team - her turret can continuously triggering Quicken.
Tighnari is the main DPS of this team. His damage is maximized by the Catalyze reactions (quicken/spread). He deals damage with the off-field Electro support of Yae.
Yae is the sub DPS of this team. She provides continuous Electro application via attacks and Electro turret. Collei is here to enable elemental resonance and serve as the sub-dps of the team.
Zhongli's main job in this comp is shielding team members. By using the new Deepwood Memories Set, he can serve as a debuffer and reduce enemies' Dendro RES.
2. Tighnari Catalyze Team #2
Tighnari + Collei + Fischl + Kuki Shinobu
Fischl is the best F2P Electro enabler for Tighnari.
This team is a bit more f2p friendly than the previous one. It follows the same general principle, with Tighnari dealing heavy Dendro damage via reactions with Electro supports.
The best and most f2p friendly Electro support is Fischl. Tighnari and Collei can deal decent Dendro damage with her off-field Electro application. Collei should use the Deepwood Memories set for the Dendro RES reduction.
Kuki Shinobu's role in this team is to heal, apply Electro when needed, and provide Electro Resonance with Fischl. The extra enery should allow players to release Burst more often.
3. Tighnari Catalyze Team #3
Tighnari + Yae Miko + Kazuha + Raiden Shogun
Kazuha is a great generic support to boost the offensive capability of Tighnari.
Overall, this is more of a dual core team, with Raiden Shogun and Tighnari sharing the DPS role. Tighnari can actually serve as the Dendro support for Raiden to enable the Aggravate reaction, dealing extra Electro damage.
Yae Miko is the off-field Electro support, with her Burst synergizing with Raiden. Both characters can deal massive Electro damage periodically... and with the new Electro resonance, their combo is better than ever.
Kazuha is here to improve Tighnari's reaction damage by his massive EM boost. While he can't react with Dendro, his swirl can spread Electro to support Raiden and Yae's damage.
4. Tighnari Burning Team
Tighnari + Collei + Xiangling + Bennett
The Pyro Archon Xiangling is a great Sub DPS.
This is probably the easiest team to build Tighnari and Collei around, as it uses Xiangling and Bennett, the two supports players likely to have already maxed. Tighnari is the main DPS in the team. His Dendro attacks react with Pyro element from Xiangling and Bennet to trigger Burning, which applies DOT on enemies.
Collei is there to serve as a Sub DPS and unlock Dendro Resonance. Xiangling and Bennett are great all-rounders with off-field Pyro damage, ATK boost, and healing. They also enable Pyro Resonance which boosts the whole team's damage.
Players can switch Collei out for some other supports like Zhongli or Kazuha if needed.
5. Tighnari Hyperbloom Team
Tighnari + Yelan + Yae Miko + Zhongli
Yelan is the go-to off-field Hydro support currently due to her powerful damage boost passive.
This lineup focus on the Bloom reaction of Dendro and Hydro, with Tighnari triggering Bloom with support from Yelan's off-field Burst. Yae Miko's role is to destroy the Dendro Core with her Electro attacks to deal extra Dendro damage.
Yelan's passive would increase Tighnari's single target damage exponentially. This team focuses on boosting his Dendro charged attack damage instead of EM. Zhongli is here as a general support, shielding and boosting the team with certain artifact sets.
Players can use Xingqiu if they don't have Yelan. Kokomi can also fit into this team if a healer is needed.
6. Tighnari Burgeon Team
Tighnari + Yelan + Xiangling + Zhongli
Zhongli is useful if you don't want to mistakenly trigger a reaction and break your combo.
This lineup focus on the Burgeon reaction of Dendro, Hydro and Pyro, where players trigger Burgeon by destroying the Dendro Core with a Pyro Attack. This would deal heavy AoE Dendro damage.
Tighnari is the main DPS in this lineup, triggering the Bloom reaction with support from Yelan. Her passive would increase Tighnari's single target damage exponentially.
Xiangling's sole mission is to trigger the Burgeon reaction when the Dendro core is created. This lineup is great in dealing with crowds, which is one of Tighnari's weaknesses.
Zhongli's role of being a general support is fairly flexible - players can switch in characters like Bennett for heal or Kazuha for extra elemental mastery.
>>> Read more:
Genshin Impact Nilou Leak: Skill, Burst And Constellation Revealed
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Guide
#Genshin Impact 3.0
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025