Top 10 Best Teammates For Tighnari In Genshin Impact 2023
Muhammad Kumar
-
Dec 31, 2022
|
Mobile Games
Tighnari’s role can be confusing to truly place, as he is a combination of a Quickswap DPS and an Enabler. Here are the best characters to support him.
Top 10 Best Teammates For Eula In Genshin Impact 3.3
10 Best Characters For Raiden Shogun Teams In Genshin Impact 2023
Genshin Impact Characters That Players Most Regretted Pulling
Tighnari is a 5 star Dendro Bow user whose use of the Catalyze reaction allows him to unleash a quick flurry of damage with his Burst and Charged Attacks while simultaneously boosting his teammates’ damage. Being the first Dendro DPS character in the game, Tighnari is often underestimated.
Here are the top 10 best teammates for Tighnari in Genshin Impact 2023.
1. Fischl
Tighnari’s best teammate by far is Fischl for a number of reasons. Her low field time and high damage further boosted by Aggravate are already valuable; her cooldowns and uptime lining up perfectly with Tighnari only serve to further bolster this synergy.
Fischl
Furthermore, her high Energy generation not only greatly helps Tighnari, but also can help battery teammates. All this allows Tighnari and Fischl to serve as a 2-member high-damage core, with solid flexibility in teammates.
2. Yae Miko
Yae, in most teams, suffers from two main problems that limit her: her high 90-Energy-Cost Burst, and her high field time for an off-field DPS. It is recommended to run Yae Miko with an Electro battery in a Double Electro composition.
Yae Miko
In Tighnari teams, she is generally set free of these limitations thanks to Fischl or Kuki’s particle generation alongside Tighnari’s very low field time for an on-field DPS. This allows her to make the most of her turrets and Burst and contribute significant amounts of damage.
Additionally, Quicken (or more specifically the subsequent Aggravate) and her A4 Talent allow her to double-dip in EM. Note that even now, building ATK% is about equal or slightly better than building EM.
3. Nahida
Nahida’s strong AoE personal damage, potent Elemental Mastery buff, short cooldowns and flexible Energy generation work perfectly with Tighnari, allowing her to serve as a strong option on his teams. While it is generally recommended to build her for damage, she can also potentially help with a team’s survivability using Prototype Amber. However, she is a highly contested unit for most Dendro teams, and Tighnari can use many other units to good effect in her slot.
Nahida
4. Zhongli
While Tighnari does not need shielding, it is nonetheless appreciated; Zhongli’s strong shield is often more than sufficient defensive utility whilst simultaneously protecting against stagger. He also can simultaneously reduce both Electro and Dendro Resistance with his shield, allowing him to serve as a comfortable and worthy option on Tighnari teams.
Zhongli
5. Kuki Shinobu
While Shinobu’s personal damage, range and rate of Electro application are poor compared to Fischl, her unique ability to provide healing combined with her good Energy generation frees up many team building restrictions—especially useful if Fischl is needed on the other side. She can also be used in conjunction with Fischl to great effect.
Kuki Shinobu
Kuki can hold 4 Tenacity of the Millelith if another viable holder of 4 DW is present.
6. Lisa
While often overlooked, Lisa’s A4 Defense shred combined with either her personal damage or further buffing capability with Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers or Hakushin allow her to function as a potentially strong teammate. It is recommended to run Lisa with an Electro battery in a Double Electro composition.
Lisa
Moreover, Tighnari’s low field time requirement affords her room to use her Hold Skill for Energy and additional damage, making her much more self sufficient. Her EM Ascension also finally finds solid use here, strengthening her Aggravate procs.
7. Kazuha
Anemo units’ ability to effectively use 4pc Viridescent Venerer to give a potent increase to the damage of the Electro Units allows them to fit in well on Tighnari’s teams. Kazuha further focuses on this aspect, leveraging his strong A4 buff, grouping, and incredible personal damage with Aggravated Electro Swirls making him a worthy option.
Kazuha
8. Bennett
Tighnari does not work well with most Pyro units due to their tendency to disrupt Quicken. Bennett is a notable exception—his controlled Pyro application allows the Electro unit to quickly remove whatever Pyro he applies, and his huge Attack buff and strong healing make him as powerful here as he is in most teams. Fischl can even snapshot multiple Oz casts onto a single one of Bennett’s Bursts, thanks in part to Tighnari’s short field time requirement.
Bennett
His biggest downside of having to play within his field is even mitigated here by virtue of Tighnari’s range, making him a very solid choice. However, he cannot be used with Anemo units that can absorb Pyro into their abilities from his field.
9. Sucrose
Sucrose’s EM share serves as a powerful damage increase for both Tighnari and the Electro unit by boosting the strength of Catalyze reactions they trigger, and she possesses avenues for additional utility with weapon choices such as TTDS, Hakushin Ring, or Prototype Amber. Her personal damage is also significant if able to consistently use her Burst; however, her long cooldowns can somewhat hamstring her own damage compared to Kazuha.
Sucrose
10. Venti
Venti’s potent personal damage with Aggravate further bolstered by his unmatched grouping make him an unrivaled choice in AoE content where his suction is effective.
Venti
However, AoE content also tends to be Tighnari’s worst matchup, and outside of these situations Venti is generally subpar compared to other flexes—nonetheless, he can still remain useful between providing VV, Energy refund and good damage.
>>> Read more:
Genshin Impact Raiden Shogun Team Comps Guide (2023)
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
#Genshin Impact Guide
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025