Contents
show
1
Sayu Rating and Info
1.1
Stats Lvl 80
2
Best Sayu Builds
2.1
Best Sayu Weapons
2.2
Best Sayu Artifacts
3
Best Sayu Team Comp
4
Sayu Skills Talents
4.1
Shuumatsuban Ninja Blade: Normal Attack
4.2
Yoohoo Art: Fuuin Dash: Elemental Skill
4.3
Yoohoo Art: Mujina Flurry: Elemental Burst
5
Sayu Passive Talents
5.1
Someone More Capable: First Ascension Passive
5.2
No Work Today!: Fourth Ascension Passive
5.3
Yoohoo Art: Silencer’s Secret: Passive Talent
6
Sayu Constellations
6.1
Level 1: Multi-Task no Jutsu
6.2
Level 2: Egress Prep
6.3
Level 3: Eh, the Bunshin Can Handle It
6.4
Level 4: Skiving New and Improved
6.5
Level 5: Speed Comes First
6.6
Level 6: Sleep O’Clock
7
Sayu Ascension Costs Lvl 90
Sayu
Rating and Info
Rarity:
★★★★
Specialties:
Support
Element:
Anemo
Weapon:
Claymore
Release Date:
Aug 10, 2021
Tier List Rating
: A
Stats Lvl 80
HP: 11033
ATK: 227
DEF: 693
Elemental Mastery 96
Best Sayu Builds
Sayu is one of the strongest support characters in Genshin Impact. There are a lot of different builds and roles for Sayu, but most players are using support builds. Her skill will stack HP, and his shield will protect your team from receiving damage. Zhongli is the A tier character in Genshin Impact.
Best Sayu
Weapons
Wolf’s Gravestone
Increases ATK by 20/25/30/35/40%. On hit, attacks against enemies with less than 30% HP increase all party members’ Base ATK by 40/50/60/70/80% for 12s. Can only occur once every 30s.
Sacrificial Greatsword
After damaging an opponent with an Elemental Skill, the skill has a 40/50/60/70/80% chance to end its own CD. Can only occur once every 30/26/22/18/14s.
Best Sayu
Artifacts
Viridescent Venerer
(2) Gain a 15% Anemo DMG Bonus.
(4) Increases Swirl DMG by 60%. Decreases opponent’s Elemental RES to the element infused in the Swirl by 40% for 10s.
Best Sayu Team Comp
Character 1
Character 2
Character 3
Character 4
Xiangling
Sayu
Bennett
Zhongli
Diluc
Xingqiu
Zhongli
Sayu
Sayu
Ganyu
Mona
Layla
There are a lot of team comps that you can make in Genshin Impact with Sayu. We recommend team comps that we think are best for Sayu. There are a lot of different characters, and there is a high chance that you do not have some of them. So you should create your team comps, test them out, and see what is best for you and your playstyle. With that, you will become better at the game, and you will know how your team works.
Sayu Skills Talents
Shuumatsuban Ninja Blade: Normal Attack
Normal Attack
Performs up to 4 consecutive strikes.
Charged Attack
Drains Stamina over time to perform continuous spinning attacks against all nearby opponents. At the end of the sequence, perform a more powerful slash.
Plunging Attack
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Yoohoo Art: Fuuin Dash: Elemental Skill
Sayu curls up into a rolling Fuufuu Windwheel and smashes into opponents at high speed, dealing Anemo DMG. When the duration ends, she unleashes a Fuufuu Whirlwind Kick, dealing AoE Anemo DMG.
Press
Enters the Fuufuu Windwheel state, rolling forward a short distance before using the Fuufuu Whirlwind Kick.
Hold
Rolls about continuously in the Fuufuu Windwheel state, increasing Sayu’s resistance to interruption while within that state. During this time, Sayu can control the direction of her roll, and can use the skill again to end her Windwheel state early and unleash a stronger version of the Fuufuu Whirlwind Kick.The Hold version of this skill can trigger Elemental Absorption. This skill has a maximum duration of 10s and enters CD once its effects end. The longer Sayu remains in her Windwheel state, the longer the CD.
Elemental Absorption
If Sayu comes into contact with Hydro/Pyro/Cryo/Electro while in her Windwheel state, she will deal additional elemental DMG of that type. Elemental Absorption may only occur once per use of this skill.
Yoohoo Art: Mujina Flurry: Elemental Burst
The other super special technique of the Yoohoo Ninja Arts! It summons a pair of helping hands for Sayu. Deals Anemo DMG to nearby opponents and heals all nearby party members. The amount of HP restored is based on Sayu’s ATK. This skill then summons a Muji-Muji Daruma.
Muji-Muji Daruma
At specific intervals, the Daruma will take one of several actions based on the situation around it: If the HP of nearby characters is above 70%, it will attack a nearby opponent, dealing Anemo DMG. If there are active characters with 70% or less HP nearby, it will heal the active character with the lowest percentage HP left. If there are no opponents nearby, it will heal active characters nearby even if they have 70% HP or more.
Sayu Passive Talents
Someone More Capable: First Ascension Passive
When Sayu triggers a Swirl reaction while active, she heals all your characters and nearby allies for 300 HP. She will also heal an additional 1.2 HP for every point of Elemental Mastery she has. This effect can be triggered once every 2s.
No Work Today!: Fourth Ascension Passive
The Muji-Muji Daruma created by Yoohoo Art: Mujina Flurry gains the following effects:
When healing a character, it will also heal characters near that healed character for 20% the amount of HP.
Increases the AoE of its attack against opponents.
Yoohoo Art: Silencer’s Secret: Passive Talent
When Sayu is in the party, your characters will not startle Crystalflies and certain other animals when getting near them. Check the “Other” sub-category of the “Living Beings / Wildlife” section in the Archive for creatures this skill works on.
Sayu Constellations
Level 1: Multi-Task no Jutsu
The Muji-Muji Daruma created by Yoohoo Art: Mujina Flurry will ignore HP limits and can simultaneously attack nearby opponents and heal characters.
Level 2: Egress Prep
Yoohoo Art: Fuuin Dash gains the following effects:
DMG of Fuufuu Whirlwind Kick in Press Mode increased by 3.3%.
Every 0.5s in the Fuufuu Windwheel state will increase the DMG of this Fuufuu Whirlwind Kick by 3.3%. The maximum DMG increase possible through this method is 66%.
Level 3: Eh, the Bunshin Can Handle It
Increases the Level of Yoohoo Art: Mujina Flurry by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4: Skiving New and Improved
Sayu recovers 1.2 Energy when she triggers a Swirl reaction. This effect occurs once every 2s.
Level 5: Speed Comes First
Increase the Level of Yoohoo Art: Fuuin Dash by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6: Sleep O’Clock
The Muji-Muji Daruma created by Sayu’s Yoohoo Art: Mujina Flurry will now also benefit from her Elemental Mastery. Each point of Sayu’s Elemental Mastery will produce the following effects:
Increases the damage dealt by the Muji-Muji Daruma’s attacks by 0.2% ATK. A maximum of 400% ATK can be gained via this method.
Increases the HP restored by the Muji-Muji Daruma by 3. A maximum of 6,000 additional HP can be restored in this manner.
Sayu Ascension Costs Lvl 90
Whopperflower Nectar x 18
Shimmering Nectar x 30
Energy Nectar x 36
Crystal Marrow x 168
Marionette Core x 46
Vayuda Turquoise Sliver x 1
Vayuda Turquoise Fragment x 9
Vayuda Turquoise Chunk x 9
Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone x 6