Sayu is a playable Anemo character in Genshin Impact. She is one of the most powerful and thus popular characters for playing as a Support. We decided to write this guide to help you learn more about Sayu. In our Genshin Impact Sayu Build and Best Team Comp post you will learn about Sayu’s talents, how they work and how to upgrade them. Also, you will read about her Constellations that will help you make Sayu even more powerful. After that, we have written Genshin Impact Sayu Build where you’ll see weapon and artifact set. And at last, we have mentioned the best team comps for Sayu as the Support hero.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
The whole information is presented in tables. You can use the navigation bar above to move quickly to the information block that you are most interested in.
Talents
Constellations
Build
Team
Sayu Build
Below you can see the best weapon option for playing Sayu in Genshin Impact. Accompanied by the best Sayu artifact set and its stat priorities.
Support Build
If you play this champion as a Support in your comp you should take the weapon and artifacts from the list below. They are believed to be the most effective ones in almost all situations.
Weapon
Wolf’s Gravestone
Weapon Substitutes:
Skyward Pride
,
Sacrificial Greatsword
,
Katsuragikiri Nagamasa
,
Rainslasher
.
Artifact Set
Viridescent Venerer
(4-Piece)
Artifact Main Stats Priority:
Elemental Mastery / ATK%
Elemental Mastery
Elemental Mastery / Healing Bonus
Sub Stats Priority: ATK% > Energy Recharge > Elemental Mastery > CRIT DMG
Talent Priority
Yoohoo Art: Mujina Flurry > Yoohoo Art: Fuuin Dash > Shuumatsuban Ninja Blade
Best Team Compositions for Sayu
When you play Genshin Impact everything depends not only on your main character but also on the composition. You should learn how elements complement each other and build the best team for your main. Below you can see the best team composition for Sayu with Main DPS and two sub DPS characters. Also, we have included alternative characters for each role that go well with Sayu too.
Sayu is a good healer that can also deal extra damage. In addition, she has Viridescent Venerer debuff that boosts and heals the team even better. The best main DPS when Sayu is supporting is Ganyu who has good DPS and will get extra support from Mona that will apply freeze and Venti who will crowd control enemies. Sayu and Venti together trigger Anemo resonance.
Good characters for this comp:
Ayaka, Chongyun, Xiangling, Raiden Shogun, Fischl, Xingqiu, Zhongli, Kaedehara Kazuha, Venti, Bennett.
If you want to know more about every teammate for Sayu you can click on the link below and find them in the list of all Genshin Impact characters that we have described.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
In case you are still not sure what champion you want to pick as main we have
Genshin Impact characters tier list
with explanations on how to build your best team.
Sayu Talents
Below you can see the list of talents that Sayu uses during the fight. Each of them we have described with the main characteristics.
Shuumatsuban Ninja Blade
Normal Attack
Normal Attack:
Performs up to 4 consecutive strikes.
Charged Attack:
Drains Stamina over time to perform continuous spinning attacks against all nearby opponents.
At the end of the sequence, perform a more powerful slash.
Plunging Attack:
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Yoohoo Art: Fuuin Dash
Elemental Skill
The special technique of the Yoohoo Ninja Arts! Sayu curls up into a rolling Fuufuu Windwheel and smashes into opponents at high speed, dealing Anemo DMG. When the duration ends, she unleashes a Fuufuu Whirlwind Kick, dealing AoE Anemo DMG.
Press:
Enters the Fuufuu Windwheel state, rolling forward a short distance before using the Fuufuu Whirlwind Kick.
Hold:
Rolls about continuously in the Fuufuu Windwheel state, increasing Sayu’s resistance to interruption while within that state. During this time, Sayu can control the direction of her roll, and can use the skill again to end her Windwheel state early and unleash a stronger version of the Fuufuu Whirlwind Kick.
The Hold version of this skill can trigger Elemental Absorption.
This skill has a maximum duration of 10s and enters CD once its effects end. The longer Sayu remains in her Windwheel state, the longer the CD.
Elemental Absorption:
If Sayu comes into contact with Hydro/Pyro/Cryo/Electro while in her Windwheel state, she will deal additional elemental DMG of that type. Elemental Absorption may only occur once per use of this skill.
Yoohoo Art: Mujina Flurry
Elemental Burst
The other super special technique of the Yoohoo Ninja Arts! It summons a pair of helping hands for Sayu. Deals Anemo DMG to nearby opponents and heals all nearby party members. The amount of HP restored is based on Sayu’s ATK. This skill then summons a
Muji-Muji Daruma:
At specific intervals, the Daruma will take one of several actions based on the situation around it:
If the HP of nearby characters is above 70%, it will attack a nearby opponent, dealing Anemo DMG.
If there are active characters with 70% or less HP nearby, it will heal the active character with the lowest percentage HP left. If there are no opponents nearby, it will heal active characters nearby even if they have 70% HP or more.
Someone More Capable
1st Ascension Passive
When Sayu triggers a Swirl reaction while active, she heals all your characters and nearby allies for 300 HP. She will also heal an additional 1.2 HP for every point of Elemental Mastery she has. This effect can be triggered once every 2s.
No Work Today!
4th Ascension Passive
The Muji-Muji Daruma created by Yoohoo Art: Mujina Flurry gains the following effects:
When healing a character, it will also heal characters near that healed character for 20% the amount of HP.
Increases the AoE of its attack against opponents.
Yoohoo Art: Silencer’s Secret
Utility Passive
When Sayu is in the party, your characters will not startle Crystalflies and certain other animals when getting near them. Check the “Other” sub-category of the “Living Beings / Wildlife” section in the Archive for creatures this skill works on.
Every talent can be upgraded up to level 15. But to do so you will need to gather materials on particular days. The list of the needed materials for leveling Sayu’s talents is mentioned in the next block.
Talent Leveling Materials
So here you can see all materials that you will need in order to level up Sayu’s talents.
Talent Level-Up Materials
Light Books:
Teachings of Light
,
Guide to Light
,
Philosophies of Light
.
Common Ascension Materials
Whopperflower Nectar
,
Shimmering Nectar
,
Energy Nectar
.
Weekly Boss Material
Gilded Scale
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
Some of them are required at the beginning for low levels and others are more advanced. We just wanted to focus your attention on material types in general.
Sayu Constellations
In Genshin Impact characters have a specific upgrade system called constellation. You will need to get a specific item called Stella Fortuna to increase the level of constellation. Each character has their own version of Stella Fortuna, which you get by obtaining a duplicate of the character from Wishes.
Level 1
Multi-Task no Jutsu
The Muji-Muji Daruma created by Yoohoo Art: Mujina Flurry will ignore HP limits and can simultaneously attack nearby opponents and heal characters.
Level 2
Egress Prep
Yoohoo Art: Fuuin Dash gains the following effects:
DMG of Fuufuu Whirlwind Kick in Tapping (mobile)/Press (PC & PlayStation) Mode increased by 3.3%.
Every 0.5s in the Fuufuu Windwheel state will increase the DMG of this Fuufuu Whirlwind Kick by 3.3%. The maximum DMG increase possible through this method is 66%.
Level 3
Eh, the Bunshin Can Handle It
Increases the Level of Yoohoo Art: Mujina Flurry by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4
Skiving: New and Improved
Sayu recovers 1.2 Energy when she triggers a Swirl reaction.
This effect occurs once every 2s.
Level 5
Speed Comes First
Increases the Level of Yoohoo Art: Fuuin Dash by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6
Sleep O’Clock
The Muji-Muji Daruma created by Sayu’s Yoohoo Art: Mujina Flurry will now also benefit from her Elemental Mastery. Each point of Sayu’s Elemental Mastery will produce the following effects:
Increases the damage dealt by the Muji-Muji Daruma’s attacks by 0.2% ATK. A maximum of 400% ATK can be gained via this method.
Increases the HP restored by the Muji-Muji Daruma by 3. A maximum of 6,000 additional HP can be restored in this manner.
Every Genshin Impact character has own set of constellations above you can see Sayu constellations list with descriptions.
Ascension Materials
In addition, there are ascension phases that increase the level cap for your character. After Sayu reaches the 20th level she can be ascended to the next ascension phase, up to phase 6, which allow getting 90th level.
Character Ascension Materials
Vayuda Turquoise:
Vayuda Turquoise Sliver
,
Vayuda Turquoise Fragment
,
Vayuda Turquoise Chunk
,
Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone
.
Marionette Core
Common Ascension Materials
Whopperflower Nectar
,
Shimmering Nectar
,
Energy Nectar
.
Local Specialty
Crystal Marrow
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
In order to level up ascension phases you’ll need materials. So the list of those required for Sayu is listed above.
Artem R.
I have been an avid gamer since childhood. My favorite genres are RPGs, Action, and MMOs. Some of my all-time favorite games include the Diablo and Path of Exile ARPG series, the Dark Souls series, and JRPGs like Xenoblade, Atelier, and the Final Fantasy. I am also a big fan of the PSP and PS Vita, and I currently enjoy gaming on my Nintendo Switch.
Post Views:
9,268
Please share it with your friends
Tags:
Genshin Impact
Post navigation
Previous
Genshin Impact Traveler (Electro) Build and Best Team Comp
Next
Genshin Impact Gardening Guide