Trending
Daredevil: Born Again Season 2
Crimson Desert
Invincible Season 4
Twitch
Seven Deadly Sins: Origin
Gaming
Genshin Impact
Best Kaeya Genshin Impact build: Artifacts, weapons, more
by
Cassidy Stephenson
Published:
Feb 18, 2024, 19:05
Save for later
Save for later
HoYoverse
Get Notifications for Gaming News
Kaeya is an OG Genshin Impact character who is helpful on Freeze teams. Check out our recommended Artifacts, weapons, and more for Kaeya.
Kaeya serves as the Cavalry Captain of Mondstadt’s Knights of Favonius. He was adopted by
Diluc’s dad
and became the Pyro character’s younger brother.
In terms of combat, Kaeya is recognized for his quick cooldowns that assist in applying Cryo onto enemies. While his Elemental Burst remains active after switching, his Elemental Skill cannot affect far-away opponents.
Article continues after ad
If you’re looking to add Kaeya to your team, keep reading to learn everything you need to know about effectively building him.
Contents
Kaeya abilities
Kaeya Constellations
Best Kaeya Artifacts
Best Kaeya weapons
Kaeya Talent Level-up and Ascension Materials
Kaeya trailer
Best Kaeya team comp
Kaeya abilities in Genshin Impact
Normal Attack: Ceremonial Bladework
Normal Attack: Performs up to 5 rapid strikes.
Charged Attack: Consumes a certain amount of Stamina to unleash 2 rapid sword strikes.
Plunging Attack: Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Elemental Skill: Frostgnaw
Unleashes a frigid blast, dealing Cryo DMG to opponents in front of Kaeya.
Elemental Burst: Glacial Waltz
Coalescing the frost in the air, Kaeya summons 3 icicles that revolve around him. These icicles will follow the character around and deal Cryo DMG to opponents in their path for the ability’s duration.
Article continues after ad
Kaeya Constellations in Genshin Impact
If you manage to pull multiple copies of Kaeya, here are the buffs you can expect from his Constellations:
Article continues after ad
Level One – Excellent Blood:
The CRIT Rate of Kaeya’s Normal and Charged Attacks against opponents affected by Cryo is increased by 15%.
Level Two – Never-Ending Performance:
When Glacial Waltz is in effect, for each opponent defeated, its base duration is increased by 2.5s, up to a maximum of 15s.
Level Three – Dance of Frost:
Increases the Level of Frostgnaw by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level Four – Frozen Kiss:
Triggers automatically when Kaeya’s HP falls below 20%: Creates a shield that absorbs damage equal to 30% of Kaeya’s Max HP. Lasts for 20s. This shield absorbs
Cryo DMG
with 250% efficiency. Can only occur once every 60s.
Level Five – Frostbiting Embrace:
Increases the Level of Glacial Waltz by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level Six – Glacial Whirlwind:
Glacial Waltz will generate 1 additional icicle, and will regenerate 15 Energy when cast.
Best Kaeya Artifacts in Genshin Impact
We highly suggest running the
4-piece Blizzard Strayer
set to increase Kaeya’s Cryo DMG as a Main DPS. The 4-piece bonus also improves Kaeya’s CRIT Rate by 40% if the enemy is both affected by Cryo and Frozen, making it a great option for a Freeze team.
If you want to use Kaeya as a Physical Support, you can combine a
2-piece Blizzard Strayer and a 2-piece Noblesse Oblige.
This will both increase Kaeya’s Cryo DMG Bonus and his Elemental Burst DMG.
Related
Best Yao Guang Honkai Star Rail build: Team, Light Cones, Eidolons, and Abilities
Best Kachina Genshin Impact build: Artifacts, weapons & team comp
Genshin Impact tier list: Best characters as of update 5.4
Article continues after ad
Artifact
Set Bonuses
Blizzard Strayer
2-piece:
Cryo DMG Bonus +15%
4-piece:
When a character attacks an enemy affected by Cryo, their CRIT Rate is increased by 20%. If the enemy is Frozen, CRIT Rate is increased by an additional 20%.
Noblesse Oblige
2-piece:
Elemental Burst DMG +20%
4-piece:
Using an Elemental Burst increases all party members’ ATK by 20% for 12s. This effect cannot stack.
Best Kaeya weapons in Genshin Impact
The best weapon choice for Kaeya is the 5-star
Mistsplitter Reforged
to increase his Elemental DMG by several stacks. You can raise the number of stacks received by using Normal Attacks with Elemental DMG, his Elemental Burst, and having less than 100% Energy.
Another option is the 5-star
Primordial Jade Cutter
to provide Kaeya with an ATK bonus based on 1.2% of his HP in addition to increasing his HP by 20%.
Article continues after ad
If you don’t have either 5-star weapon, we recommend running the
Favonius Sword
on Kaeya. If he deals a CRIT Hit to an enemy, there is a chance that Kaeya will restore Energy after regenerating a small amount of Elemental Particles.
Article continues after ad
Weapon
Details
Mistsplitter Reforged
Gain a 12% Elemental DMG Bonus for a character’s Elemental Type. At stacks 1/2/3, Elemental DMG is further increased by 8/16/28%. Each stack has an individual duration and are gotten through:
• Normal Attacks with Elemental DMG (duration 5s)
• Casting an Elemental Burst (duration 10s)
• Having less than 100% Energy (disappears at full Energy)
Primordial Jade Cutter
HP increased by 20%. Additionally, provides an ATK Bonus based on 1.2% of the wielder’s Max HP.
Favonius Sword
CRIT Hits have a 60% chance to generate a small amount of Elemental Particles, which will regenerate 6 Energy for the character. Can only occur once every 12s.
Kaeya Talent Level-up and Ascension Materials
The following tables contain what materials you’ll need to gather to level up Kaeya’s Talents and fully ascend the character:
Ascension Level
Mora Cost
Materials
1
20000
Shivada Jade Silver x1
Treasure Hoarder’s Insignia  x3
Calla Lily x3
2
40000
Shivada Jade Fragment x3
Treasure Hoarder’s Insignia x15
Hoarfrost Core x2
Calla Lily x10
3
60000
Shivada Jade Fragment x6
Silver Raven Insignia x12
Hoarfrost Core x4
Calla Lily x20
4
80000
Shivada Jade Chunk x3
Silver Raven Insignia x18
Hoarfrost Core x8
Calla Lily x30
5
100000
Shivada Jade Chunk x6
Golden Raven Insignia x12
Hoarfrost Core x12
Calla Lily x45
6
120000
Shivada Jade Gemstone x6
Golden Raven Insignia x24
Hoarfrost Core x20
Calla Lily x60
Talent level-up materials
Talent level-up materials
Teachings of Ballad x9
Guide to Ballad x63
Philosophies of Ballad x114
Common Ascension Materials
Slime Condensate x18
Slime Secretions x66
Slime Concentrate x93
Boss Materials
Spirit Locket of Boreas x18
Kaeya Genshin Impact trailer
Genshin Impact posted a character trailer featuring Kaeya way back in March 2020. You can check out the video below:
Best Kaeya team comp in Genshin Impact
Xingqiu makes a great sub DPS alongside Kaeya.
We
highly
recommend you place Kaeya on a team focused on the Freeze Elemental Reaction. He will particularly excel in combat if used alongside
Xingqiu
, Shenhe, and Kazuha.
Both Xingqiu and Kaeya will be able to apply Hydro and Cryo with off-field abilities.
Article continues after ad
Additionally,
Kazuha
, with the Viridescent Venerer set, can reduce an opponent’s Cryo RES. This will immensely help Shenhe and Kaeya’s attacks. You could also replace Shenhe with
Chongyun
if you don’t have a copy of the 5-star unit.
Article continues after ad
That’s everything you need to know about effectively building Kaeya. If you want to build more Genshin Impact characters, check out our guides below:
Best Yae Miko build
|
Best Shenhe build
|
Best Albedo Build
|
Best Hu Tao build
|
Best Childe Build
|
Best Kokomi build
|
Best Raiden Shogun build
|
Best Ayaka build
|
Best Aloy build
|
Best Ganyu build
|
Best Diluc build
|
Best Yoimiya build
|
Best Klee build
|
Best Eula build
Article continues after ad
More
Genshin Impact
News
Add as a preferred source on Google
Follow on Google News
Featured Articles
Call of Duty
Warzone Season 3 patch notes: Verdansk returns, Grappling Hook added & Iron Gauntlet revamp
Pokemon
Best Great League team in Pokemon Go season 26
Food
FDA issues massive chocolate recall due to “life-threatening” amounts of Viagra
Gaming
Everything coming to Elder Scrolls Online in 2026: Naval Combat & Night Market explained
Roblox
You vs Homer codes (March 2026)
Sign up to Dexerto
For The latest News, Views & Reviews
Better Reading Experience
|
Save Your Favourite Items
Sign up