Trending
Daredevil: Born Again Season 2
Crimson Desert
Invincible Season 4
Twitch
Seven Deadly Sins: Origin
Gaming
Genshin Impact
Best Raiden Shogun Genshin Impact build: Artifacts, weapons & team comp
by
James Busby
Updated:
Sep 12, 2024, 10:25
Save for later
Save for later
miHoYo
Get Notifications for Gaming News
Contents
1
Best Raiden Shogun build in Genshin Impact
Best Artifacts
Best weapons
Talent level-up and Ascension materials
2
Best Raiden Shogun team comp
3
Raiden Shogun abilities in Genshin Impact
4
Raiden Shogun Constellation
5
Raiden Shogun pros and cons
6
Raiden Shogun Trailer
Raiden Shogun is one of the most popular characters in Genshin Impact, and from abilities to weapons, constellations, and the best build, there’s lots to consider to take the Electro Archon to new heights.
Raiden Shogun is a 5-star Electro polearm user who strikes fear in all those who dare to oppose her rule over the
Inazuma region
. To help strike down her enemies in
Genshin Impact
, Ei has mastered a number of powerful abilities.
Article continues after ad
Not only can she buff her allies’ attacks, but
the game’s
godly character can also quickly lay waste to multiple foes with her Elemental Burst: Secret Art Musou Shinsetsu.
Whether you’re aiming to spend
Primogems
on the
banner rerun
or just wish to know what the best Artifacts and weapons are, our best Raiden Shogun build will help in boosting her damage.
Best Raiden Shogun build in Genshin Impact
Weapon
Artifact
Stats
Team Comp
Engulfing Lightning
Emblem of Severed Fate
Sands
: Energy Recharge
Circlet
: Crit Rate or Crit DMG
Goblet
: ATK%
Substats:
Crit Rate, Crit DMG, ATK%, Energy Recharge
Raiden Shogun, Xiangling, Xingqiu, Bennett (Constellation 0)
Raiden Shogun, Kujou Sara, Kazuha, Bennett (Constellation 2)
While this is the best build for Raiden Shogun in Genshin Impact, if you are looking to learn about the individual components of the setup, we have discussed those in the following sections.
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
Best Artifacts
Emblem of Severed Fate is the best Artifact set for Raiden Shogun.
The best Raiden Shogun builds are those that utilize the
Emblem of Severed Fate
Artifact set, which provides a 20% Energy Recharge boost and increases Ei’s Elemental Burst damage by 25% of her Energy Recharge.
This essentially reduces all her ability cooldowns, enabling players to constantly barrage their enemies with deadly electrical attacks. You can either make the full sets of each of the Artifacts outlined below or mix and match them to come up with your own perfect combo.
Related
Best Sparxie Honkai Star Rail build: Team, Light Cones, Eidolons, and Abilities
Best Yao Guang Honkai Star Rail build: Team, Light Cones, Eidolons, and Abilities
Best Borderlands 4 Amon build
Article continues after ad
If you’re looking to use Raiden Shogin in a Hyperbloom team, we suggest using the
Flower of Paradise Lost
set to increase the Elemental Reaction’s damage output.
Artifact
Set Bonuses
Emblem of Severed Fate
2-piece set bonus:
Energy Recharge +20%.
4-piece set bonus:
Increases Elemental Burst DMG by 25% of Energy Recharge. A maximum of 75% bonus DMG can be obtained in this way.
Flower of Paradise Lost
2-piece set bonus:
Elemental Mastery +80
4-piece set bonus:
The equipping character’s Bloom, Hyperbloom, and Burgeon reaction DMG are increased by 40%. Additionally, after the equipping character triggers Bloom, Hyperbloom, or Burgeon, they will gain another 25% bonus to the effect mentioned prior. Each stack of this lasts 10s. Max 4 stacks simultaneously. This effect can only be triggered once per second. The character who equips this can still trigger its effects when not on the field.
Best weapons
The Catch is the best 4-star option for Raiden Shogun.
The best Raiden Shogun polearm is the
Engulfing Lightning
. This 5-star weapon increases her attack by 28% of Energy Recharge over the base 100%. Additionally, Ei will Gain 30% Energy Recharge for 12s after using an Elemental Burst.
This works wonders when used alongside the added Energy Recharge from the Emblem of Severed Fate Artifact set. If you don’t have access to the Engulfing Lightning, then
Staff of Homa
is your next best 5-star option.
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
In fact, if you lack Engulfing Lightning, we recommend using
The Catch
as it works even better than Staff of Homa.
Weapon
Details
Engulfing Lightning
Attack increased by 28% of Energy Recharge over the base 100%. You can gain a maximum bonus of 80% ATK. Gain 30% Energy Recharge for 12s after using an Elemental Burst.
Staff of Homa
Increases CRIT Rate by 8% and increases Normal ATK SPD by 12%. Additionally, Normal and Charged Attacks hits on opponents have a 50% chance to trigger a vacuum blade that deals 40% of ATK as DMG in a small AoE. This effect can occur no more than once every 2s.
The Catch
Increases Elemental Burst DMG by 16% and Elemental Burst CRIT Rate by 6%.
Talent level-up and Ascension materials
Talent level-up materials
Raiden Shogun in Genshin Impact needs
Teachings of Light and its upgrades, Old Handguard and its upgrades, and Molten Moment
. The exact number of materials have been listed below:
Raiden Shogun Talent level-up materials
Talent Level-Up Materials
Teachings of Light x9
Guide to Light x63
Philosophies of Light x114
Common Ascension Materials
Old Handguard x18
Kageuchi Handguard x66
Famed Handguard x93
Weekly Boss Materials
Molten Moment x18
Ascension Materials
Raiden Shogun’s Ascension in Genshin Impact requires
Vajrada Amethyst Silver and its upgrades, Storm Beads, Amakumo Fruit, and Old Handguard
. The exact number of materials have been listed below:
Article continues after ad
Ascension Level
Mora
Materials
1
20,000
Vajrada Amethyst Sliver x1
–
Amakumo Fruit x3
Old Handguard x3
2
40,000
Vajrada Amethyst Fragment x3
Storm Beads x2
Amakumo Fruit x10
Old Handguard x15
3
60,000
Vajrada Amethyst Fragment x6
Storm Beads x4
Amakumo Fruit x20
Kageuchi Handguard x12
4
80,000
Vajrada Amethyst Chunk x3
Storm Beads x8
Amakumo Fruit x30
Kageuchi Handguard x18
5
100,000
Vajrada Amethyst Chunk x6
Storm Beads x12
Amakumo Fruit x45
Famed Handguard x12
6
120,000
Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone x6
Storm Beads x20
Amakumo Fruit x60
Famed Handguard x24
Best Raiden Shogun team comp
Xiangling and Bennett are amazing units to pair alongside Raiden Shogun.
Raiden Shogun’s optimal team comp depends upon whether you have her at Constellation 0 or Constellation 2.
At Constellation 0, you need to use the national team involving Raiden Shogun,
Xiangling
,
Bennett
, and
Xingqiu
.
In this team, Bennett provides heals and ATK boost, while Xingqiu provides damage resistance along with Hydro application. Xiangling helps with off-field damage while Raiden Shogun herself deals a lot of burst damage through her Ultimate ability.
If you have Raiden Shogun at Constellation 2, you need to go with
Kujou Sara
,
Kazuha
, and
Bennett
as party members
. In this team, Kujou Sara provides massive boosts for Raiden while Kazuha can buff the Electro DMG Bonus through his Ultimate.
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
Raiden’s Ultimate damage is increased massively at Constellation 2 and she will take away more than 50% of a boss’s health in Spiral Abyss floor 12 with just one burst pretty convincingly.
Raiden Shogun abilities in Genshin Impact
Raiden Shogun can deal massive damage through her ultimate in Genshin Impact.
Normal Attack
ABILITY NAME
DESCRIPTION
Normal Attack
Raiden Shogun unleashes five fast-hitting polearm attacks directly in front of her.
Charged Attack
Raiden Shogun consumes a portion of her stamina bar and unleashes a powerful upward slash.
Plunging Attack
Raiden Shogun plunges her polearm into the ground below, damaging all opponents along her path and unleashing AoE damage upon impact.
Elemental Skill
ABILITY NAME
DESCRIPTION
Transcendence –Baleful Light
Raiden Shogun unleashes a single horizontal strike, dealing Electro damage to all nearby enemies, and granting her allies Eye of the Stormy Judgement. When characters with this buff hit opponents, the eye will unleash a coordinated attack, dealing further Electro damage.
Elemental Burst
ABILITY NAME
DESCRIPTION
Secret Art – Musou Shinsetsu
Gathering truths unnumbered and wishes uncounted, the Raiden Shogun unleashes the Musou no Hitotachi and deals AoE Elector DMG, using Musou Isshin in combat for a certain duration afterward. The DMG dealt by Musou no Hitotachi and Musou Isshin’s attacks is based on the number of Shogun Byakugen no Rin’s Resolve stacks consumed when the skill is used.
Passives
ABILITY NAME
DESCRIPTION
All-Preserver
Mora expended when ascending Swords and Polearms is decreased by 50%.
Wishes Unnumbered
When nearby party members gain Elemental Orbs or Particles, Chakra Desiderata gains 2 Resolve stacks. This effect can occur once every 3s.
Enlightened One
Each 1% above 100% Energy Recharge that the Raiden Shogun possesses grants her:
·0.6% greater Energy restoration from Musou Isshin
·0.4% Electro DMG Bonus.
Raiden Shogun Constellation
Raiden Shogun Constellation 2 is worth investing.
Level 1 – Ominous Inscription:
When Electro characters use their Elemental Bursts, the Resolve gained is increased by 80%. When characters of other Elemental Types use their Elemental Bursts, the Resolve gained is increased by 20%.
Level 2 – Steelbreaker:
Secret Art: Musou Shinsetsu’s Musou no Hitotachi and Musou Isshin attacks will ignore 60% of opponents’ DEF.
Level 3 – Shinkage Bygones:
Increases the Level of Secret Art: Musou Shinsetsu by 3, up to a maximum of 15.
Level 4 – Pledge of Propriety:
When the Musou Isshin state applied by Secret Art: Musou Shinsetsu expires, all nearby party members (excluding the Raiden Shogun) gain 30% bonus ATK for 10s.
Level 5 – Shogun’s Descent:
Increases the Level of Transcendence: Baleful Omen by 3, up to a maximum of 15.
Level 6 – Wishbearer:
While in the Musou Isshin state applied by Secret Art: Musou Shinsetsu, attacks by the Raiden Shogun that are considered part of her Elemental Burst will decrease all nearby party members’ (excluding Raiden Shogun) Elemental Burst CD by 1s when they hit opponents. The effect can trigger once every 1s and can trigger a total of 5 times.
Raiden Shogun pros and cons
Here are the pros and cons of Raiden Shogun in Genshin Impact
Pros
Cons
Amazing damage potential
Difficult to build with focus on multiple stats
Free-to-play weapon option with The Catch
Solves Energy issues for the party
Raiden Shogun Trailer
On August 31, 2024, HoYoverse released the official trailer for Raiden Shogun on their YouTube channel. If you did not check it out yet, you can do so from the link provided below:
This is all you need to know about Raiden Shogun in Genshin Impact. For more on Genshin Impact, check out our guides on
banners
and
codes
.
Article continues after ad
More
Genshin Impact
News
Add as a preferred source on Google
Follow on Google News
Featured Articles
Entertainment
Chinese schools reward students with digital pets they feed & upgrade by doing homework
Pokemon
Every Dynamax & Gigantamax Pokemon in Pokemon Go (2026)
Gaming
How many people play Warzone? Player count in 2026
Pokemon
Pokemon Go Raid Boss schedule (April 2026)
Roblox
Fistborn codes (March 2026)
Sign up to Dexerto
For The latest News, Views & Reviews
Better Reading Experience
|
Save Your Favourite Items
Sign up