Yun Jin Team Comp Guide - Genshin Impact
By
Nahda Nabiilah
Updated
Jan 19, 2023, 10:30 AM EST
Nahda Nabiilah is a writer and editor from Indonesia. She has always loved writing and playing games, so one day she decided to combine the two. Most of the time, writing gaming guides is a blast for her, due to it being two of Nahda's favorite things. She strives to make detailed and easy-to-follow guides.
Sign in to your
GameRant
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Table of contents
The Sumeru Region Basics and First Steps
The Sumeru Region Basics and First Steps
> What to Do First in Sumeru
Important Places and Locations
Important Places and Locations
> How to Unlock the Tree of Dreams and Use Dendro Sigils
> How to Unlock Sumeru Daily Commissions and Sumeru Reputation
> Sumeru Shrines of Depths - All Locations
> Every Merchant in Sumeru, Where to Find Them, and What They Sell
Domain Unlock Guides
Domain Unlock Guides
> How to Unlock the Altar of Mirages Domain
> How to Unlock the Garden of Endless Pillars Domain
> How to Unlock the Fane of Panjvahe Domain
> How to Unlock the City of the Deceased Domain
Items
Items
> How to Unlock Sumeru Forge Weapons
> How to Use the Boon of the Elder Tree
> All Radiant Spincrystal Locations in Sumeru
> Consecrated Beast Locations
> All Dendroculus Locations in Gavireh Lajavard and Realm of Farakhkert
Sumeru Local Specialties
Sumeru Local Specialties
> Rukkhashava Mushroom Locations
> Rukkhashava Mushroom Locations
> Nilotpala Lotus Locations
> Nilotpala Lotus Locations
> Kalpalata Lotus Locations
> Kalpalata Lotus Locations
> Padisarah Locations
> Padisarah Locations
> Scarab Locations
> Scarab Locations
> Henna Berry Locations
> Henna Berry Locations
> Sand Grease Pupa Locations
> Sand Grease Pupa Locations
> Mourning Flower Locations
> Mourning Flower Locations
> Trishiraite Locations
> Trishiraite Locations
> All Sumeru Food Recipe Sources and Locations
> All Sumeru Food Recipe Sources and Locations
Mechanics and Tutorials
Mechanics and Tutorials
> How to Destroy the Stone Pillar Seals
> How to Destroy the Withering
> How to Complete the Trial of the Phantasmal Seed
> How to Use Dendrograna
Dendro
Dendro
> All Dendro Reactions, Explained
Sumeru Boss Guides
Sumeru Boss Guides
World Bosses (Character Ascension Materials)
World Bosses (Character Ascension Materials)
> Boss Guide: Jadeplume Terrorshroom
> Boss Guide: Jadeplume Terrorshroom
> Boss Guide: Electro Regisvine
> Boss Guide: Electro Regisvine
> Boss Guide: Aeonblight Drake
> Boss Guide: Aeonblight Drake
> Boss Guide: Algorithm of Semi-Intransient Matrix of Overseer Network
> Boss Guide: Algorithm of Semi-Intransient Matrix of Overseer Network
> Boss Guide: Dendro Hypostasis
> Boss Guide: Dendro Hypostasis
> Boss Guide: Setekh Wenut
> Boss Guide: Setekh Wenut
> Boss Guide: Iniquitous Baptist
> Boss Guide: Iniquitous Baptist
Trounce Domains (Character Talent Upgrade Materials)
Trounce Domains (Character Talent Upgrade Materials)
> Boss Guide: Joururi Workshop (Scaramouche)
> Boss Guide: Joururi Workshop (Scaramouche)
> Boss Guide: Realm of Beginnings (The Guardian of Apep's Oasis)
> Boss Guide: Realm of Beginnings (The Guardian of Apep's Oasis)
Quest Guides
Quest Guides
Sumeru Hangout Events
Sumeru Hangout Events
> Layla Hangout Guide - How to Get All Endings
> Faruzan Hangout Guide - How to Get All Endings
> Kaveh Hangout Guide - How to Get All Endings
Sumeru Archon Quest Help
Sumeru Archon Quest Help
> A Lamenter at Fate's End Quest: How to Continue Exploring the Unknown Sanctuary
> The Answers to Setaria's Questions (Like a Triumphant Hero)
> Mysterious Ruins Puzzle Solutions (Secret of the Scorching Desert)
The Aranyaka
The Aranyaka
> How to Find the Branch Together with Aranakula
> Chapter 1 of The Aranyaka (Woodland Encounter)
> Chapter 3 of the Aranyaka (Varuna Gatha)
> Chapter 4 of the Aranyaka (Agnihotra Sutra)
> Chapter 5 of the Aranyaka (Vimana Agama)
> How to Proceed to the Location Shown in the Painting (Static Views)
> Jazari's Chapter: How to Connect all Four Relays in the Middle
> How to Lower the Water Level in Royinjan's Chapter
> Every Stone Pillar Seal Location in Sumeru (Legends of the Stone Lock)
> Vasmtri: Every Nursery Location in Sumeru
> All Aranara Locations (For Meritous Service Achievement)
> How to Unlock Garcia's Paean (Complete Liyue to Sumeru Guide)
The Great Red Sand Area Walkthroughs
The Great Red Sand Area Walkthroughs
> How to Increase Clearance
> How to Completely Upgrade the Jinni Bottle
> How to Proceed Deeper Within the Ruins (The Secret of Al-Ahmar Quest)
> How to Try to Open the Coffin (The Secret of Al-Ahmar)
> How to Go to the Location Indicated by the Stone Slate (Dual Evidence)
> Puzzle Guide: Sekhem Hall (Luxurious Chest and Two Precious Chests)
> How to Operate the Prism of Khaj-Nisut (Dreams Beneath the Searing Sand)
> How to Get a Luxurious Chest at the Top of King Deshret's Mausoleum
> All Primal Obelisk Locations
> All Primal Obelisk Locations
> All Mysterious Stone Slate Locations ("The Nameless City's Past" Achievement)
> How to Solve the Cascade Pool Puzzle
> Where to Find the Fatui Stronghold Key
> How to Solve the Unchanging Past Flower Puzzle in the Eternal Oasis (Orchard of Pairidaeza)
> How to Get Every Chess Piece for the Temple of Gurabad (Safhe Shatranj)
> Dune-Entombed Fecundity: Part I - How to Find Another Way to Enter the Central Area
> Dune-Entombed Fecundity: Part II - How to Restore Power to the Left Arm
> How to Solve the Liloupar's Cell Dendro Monument Puzzle
> How to Solve the Stone Symbol Puzzle (Weathered Obelisk Puzzle Guide)
> Wounded Shin Valley Elemental Monument Puzzle (Luxurious Chest)
> Safhe Shatranj Cascade Pool Puzzle Solution (Luxurious and Common Chest Reward)
> How to Enter the Defiled Chamber to Search for the Spenta Hearts (The Hymn of Tir Yazad)
> Quest Guide: A Gifted Rose
> Quest Guide: A Gifted Rose
> All Golden Rose Seed Locations
> How to Get the Password to Enter Thutmose's Secret Base (Hidden Mercenaries - Soheil's Wish)
Girdle of the Sands Area Walkthroughs
Girdle of the Sands Area Walkthroughs
> All Fravashi Tree Locations (Pale Fire)
> All Plume of Purifying Light Locations
> Udumbara Locations Guide
> How to Use Sorush and All Her Abilities
As the Khvarena Light Shows Quest Guides
As the Khvarena Light Shows Quest Guides
> How to Connect the Three Devices Near the Elevator and Activate the Central Control Device
> How to Use the Farrwick to Link the Circuit and Activate the Left Machine Door
> How to Link the Circuit and Activate the Right Machine Door
> How to Connect the Circuit (As the Khvarena's Light Shows: Nirodha)
> How to Open the Ruins' Gate (As the Khvarena's Light Shows: Nirodha)
> How to Find the Energy Block and Return to the Control Center (As the Khvarena's Light Shows: Nirodha)
> Achievement Guide: How to Purify All Sunyata Flowers (The Sea of Fertility)
> How to Drain the Water and Get the Kory Drum - Trial of Submerged Waves (Awakening's Real Sound)
> How to Perform According to the Drum Score (Awakening's Real Sound)
> How to Light Up All the Bright Flame Altars (Awakening's Real Sound)
> How to Search for the Lost Monument Fragments with Sorush's Help (Monumental Study)
> How to Follow the Footprints and Search for Clues (Investigate the Fatui Camp Marked by Sosi)
> How to Awaken the Power of Khvarena and Disperse the Purple Mist (Asipattravana Itihasa)
> Quest Guide: An Artist Adrift
> Quest Guide: An Artist Adrift
> How to Search the Road for the Missing Sketch (An Artist Adrift)
> How to Solve the Luxurious Chest Puzzle in Asipattravana Swamp (Trapped Seelies)
Achievement Guide: Seven Dish Dance (Luxurious Chest and Six Exquisite Chests)
> How to Solve the Luxurious Chest Puzzle in Vourukasha Oasis (Mayflies and Seelies)
Sumeru Achievement Guides
Sumeru Achievement Guides
> Achievement Guide: The Random Circumstances of a Rose's Blooming
> Achievement Guide: Encore!
> Achievement Guide: Song of Night and Dawn
> Achievement Guide: Date of Departure
> Achievement Guide: They Enter the Flow
> Achievement Guide: Beyond the Shadow of Time
> Achievement Guide: Through to the Earth I May Return
> Achievement Guide: The End of the Corridor (Glinting Component Locations)
> Achievement Guide: A Well-Trained Archaeologist (Primal Obelisk Locations)
> Achievement Guide: Hunter's Mercy (Tadhla the Falcon Quest)
> Achievement Guide: La Luna Rossa (Where to Find Every Activation Device for the Chessboard)
> Achievement Guide: Isn't Life Wondrous?
> Achievement Guide: How Do You Write The Excavation Report?
Yun Jin
Geo
Polearm
Liyue
Guides
Ascension
Builds
Weapons
Team Comp
Constellation
Player Mistakes
Back to All Characters
Singer, dancer, and Geo user Yun Jin is a recent playable character in
Genshin Impact
, and many players are wondering how to best incorporate her into their gameplay. The best team composition for Yun Jin in
Genshin Impact
would include a DPS that's highly reliant on Normal Attack. Similar to Shenhe, Yun Jin grants damage bonuses to her teammates. However, the Opera Singer's buff will scale with DEF instead of ATK. Furthermore, unlike Shenhe, Yun Jin will grant the damage bonus after she uses Elemental Burst.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Builds For Yun Jin
This
Genshin Impact
character also encourages the players to play with multiple Elements, because Yun Jin will grant more damage bonus if there are different Elements in the party. Therefore, when it comes to the
best teammates for Yun Jin
, here are some excellent choices.
Updated on January 19, 2023, by Nahda Nabiilah:
Many new characters that add a certain value to their teams have been added to the Genshin Impact roster. For that, many new team compositions are formed and even some old ones are being reformed. The last few patches of Inazuma and the introduction of Sumeru brought along many new characters that depend on their Normal attacks to deal DMG. These characters certainly give Yun Jin more work to do as a Support buffer who specializes in boosting these characters’ NA DMG. This article will be updated to include all the new characters that can perfectly pair with Yun Jin in Genshin Impact.
Normal DPS
Since Yun Jin can only buff Normal Attacks, the DPS she supports must be characters that rely on their Normal hits to deal most of their damage, such as those listed here.
Kamisato Ayato
Ayato is a great
DMG dealer in
Genshin Impact
. His main source of DMG is his Normal attacks when he enters his Elemental Skill, Takimeguri Kanka state. Having Yun Jin in his team will further buff the DMG of his Normal attacks, giving more value to his Elemental Skill duration.
Wanderer
Just like Ayato, Wanderer gains his power when he enters his Elemental Skill state. During that time, his Normal Attacks will be enhanced, and Yun Jin allows him to unleash more devastating Anemo Normal attacks.
Heizou
As a Melee Catalyst user, Heizou benefits a lot as an
Anemo user in
Genshin Impact
. Other than carrying his team’s DMG, Heizou can also drive their DMG, which results in good teamwork DMG overall. His ability to play as a team member creates a perfect chance for buffers like Yun Jin to fit right in and make a difference in his total DMG.
Cyno
Unfortunately for Cyno havers, his DMG is underwhelming for a selfish main DPS. Still, there is hope in having Yun Jin save the day with her buff to his Normal attacks. Additionally, Being a Geo user, Yun Jin can pair with another Geo to also increase Cyno’s DMG by an extra 15%. All these additions from Yun Jin could play a major role in shifting Cyno’s DMG to a decent height.
Tartaglia
Childe sliding on a waterfall during his Genshin impact character demo
As soon as Childe activates his Elemental Skill, he enters his melee stance and can deal decent damage with his Hydro Attacks. Even though this stance is triggered by his Skill, the hits he does are still considered Normal Attacks.
With Yun Jin and another Geo character in his team,
Childe will be able to
gain the benefit
of Geo Resonance while Yun Jin amplifies his damage output.
Razor
razor during his story quest protecting the traveler
Razor is one of the best Physical DPS units in
Genshin Impact
. When he activates his Elemental Burst, he gains a boost of attack speed that greatly affects the damage he deals with his Normal Attacks. In general,
Razor might be the only character
that can
take full advantage of Yun Jin's 30 stacks.
Ningguang
Ningguang's Normal Attack launches two Gems at her enemies, so
Yun Jin's damage boost is doubled as each launched Gem will be buffed separately.
Ningguang and Yun Jin are amazing together
because they will trigger the Geo Resonance. Furthermore, as Yun Jin is highly reliant on her Elemental Burst,
Ningguang can be an amazing battery for the Opera Artist.
Yoimiya
Yoimiya during her Demo in Genshin Impact
Yoimiya heavily relies on her Normal Attack. In fact, it is her only major damage source. Yun Jin can help the Firework Queen to deal larger damage. However, one important thing to note is that
the Liyue Celebrity will not benefit from Yoimiya's damage bonus when she enters her Pyro infusion state
. Nevertheless, Yun Jin is still an impressive pair with Yoimiya.
Eula
Eula handling that Wolf's Gravestone with ease in Genshin Impact
Eula is the most complete Physical main DPS in
Genshin Impact
. Her Normal Attack and Burst can deal an outstanding amount of Physical damage. She can easily carry a team's damage, especially when paired with another Electro unit, leaving two remaining slots in her team composition.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Mistakes Players Make When Using Eula
Previously, having two Pyro or Geo characters to activate either Pyro or Geo Resonance was the way to go. Now, with
Yun Jin being a significant support for units like Eula
, players are
highly recommended to go through the Geo Resonance route.
For the second Geo unit, Zhongli will boost Eula's damage to the roof.
Yanfei
Yanfei from Genshin Impact
Similar to Ningguang, Yanfei relies heavily on her Normal and Charged Attacks. Players can either build Yun Jin with the traditional 4-Husk of Opulent Dreams, or as an alternative, 4-Archaic Petra. With Archaic Petra,
Yun Jin can increase Yanfei's DPS each time the Geo character picks up a Pyro Elemental Shard.
Considering Yun Jin can easily trigger Crystallize reaction, this should be a trivial feat for her.
Geo Resonance
Although Yun Jin is a Geo unit, she's not a shielder. Therefore, players may not benefit from the element's Resonance. The Opera Singer actually encourages people to play with a multi-element team, but most players would find that Geo Resonance is generally more beneficial. Therefore, it is always good to
team her up with a Geo shielder.
Noelle
Noelle with Claymore from Genshin Impact
Although Noelle can shield, heal her team, and play the role of a Sub-DPS, players
should not expect Yun Jin and Noelle to completely synchronize.
This is because
Noelle mostly relies on her Charged Attack
to deal damage, while Yun Jin only buffs Normal Attack. Still, Noelle serves as a good shield for Yun Jin.
Zhongli
When players need a shielder, this character always comes to mind.
Zhongli can
fully shield the entire team
, including Yun Jin, with an almost unbreakable shield. This ability can also decrease enemies’ Physical and Elemental resistance, making him an excellent choice to pair with any DPS.
Genshin Impact
is now available on Mobile, PC, PS4, and PS5. A Switch version is in development.
Strategy Guides
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which recently released Nintendo cozy game do you prefer?
Pokemon Pokopia
Pokemon Pokopia
56.7%
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
43.3%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
7 Things the Tangled Live-Action Needs to Get Right Not to Fail
Pragmata: All Mods & Where to Find Them
'Sega Universe' Teases Plans to Celebrate Classic Franchise Anniversaries