Dehya is a fiery mix between support and DPS in
Genshin Impact
, bringing the pain with her powerful medley of defensive and offensive abilities. To best take advantage of Dehya’s numerous playstyles, there are a big number of different team comps you’ll be able to take advantage of. Here’s our
Genshin Impact
Dehya best team comps and talents guide to help you make amplify Dehya’s strengths and playstyle.
Recommended Videos
Related:
Genshin Impact
: Dehya best weapons guide
Dehya’s best talents
Screenshot by PC Invasion
Dehya’s Elemental Skill – Molten Inferno:
Dehya’s Elemental Skill, Molten Inferno, places down a field known as ‘Fiery Sanctum,’ and this field has a couple of properties. Fiery Sanctum works similarly to Albedo’s ‘Elemental Skill,’ dishing out coordinated attacks when the enemy takes damage every two seconds or so. Other characters in this field also have their resistance to interruption increased, and some damage taken in this field will be redirected to Dehya.
This field is Dehya’s main reason to have her on your team, as it provides some coordinated Pyro attacks, as well as offering a number of defensive utilities. Her Elemental Burst, while being the crux of her damage, is generally not good regardless and mechanically broken.
Dehya’s Elemental Burst –
Leonine Bite:
Dehya’s Elemental Burst, Leonine Bite, transforms her into the Blazing Lioness state and continuously unleashes a flurry of attacks that deal Pyro damage. This is the crux of her damage but is inconsistent in practice. This talent is best utilized in mono-Pyro teams where you want to focus on Dehya’s personal damage.
Dehya’s Normal Attacks:
Dehya’s Normal, Charging, and Plunged attacks are generally unimportant. Dehya is an off-field character with her Elemental Skill, occasionally swapping in to unleash her Elemental Burst.
Related:
Genshin Impact: Dehya best artifacts guide
Dehya’s best team comps
Screenshot by PC Invasion
Here are some of Dehya’s best team comps in
Genshin Impact:
Ganyu / Nahida / Dehya / Bennett:
Dehya is best utilized in a melt team with Ganyu, as Bennett and Dehya can reliably proc the Pyro element, allowing Ganyu to dish out some explosive damage. Nahida provides some extra damage with the Burning reaction, as well. Dehya can work here due to the defensive utility she brings Ganyu, the Pyro application she has, and to replace Xiangling who would normally exist in this team.
Mono-Pyro (Dehya / Xiangling / Bennett / Kazuha):
This team is Dehya’s best team for personal damage, and goes all-in in making Dehya the mercenary of your dreams. Dehya cannot synergize with characters that traditionally work with Pyro characters, such as Xingqiu and Yelan. Therefore, mono-Pyro is the way to go. Bennett will boost your team’s damage, Kazuha will boost Pyro damage, and Xiangling adds some extra offensive prowess.
Genshin Impact
Hoyoverse