Genshin Impact's Flame-Mane, Dehya, is a five-star Pyro claymore user with a polarizing but
flexible playstyle
that ties into her identity as Dunyarzad's bodyguard. If you happened to pull for this long-awaited Sumeru character, you can start farming for her Ascension and Talent materials below.
Recommended Videos
All Dehya level-up, Talent, & Ascension materials in Genshin Impact
Dehya Level-up cost
You need to prepare the following resources to level Dehya up to 80 or 90, whichever you prefer.
Level
Hero's Wit
Mora
Level one to 80
248
987,905
Level one to 90
420
1,672,530
Dehya Ascension materials & cost
You need to prepare
420,000 Mora
and the following materials to fully Ascend Dehya to Ascension level six.
Local Specialty & Boss material
x168 Sand Grease Pupa
x46
Light-Guiding Tetrahedron
Dehya's local specialty is called the Sand Grease Pupa, which can only be farmed from the
Desert of Hadramaveth
. Meanwhile, her boss material is the Light Guiding Tetrahedron, dropped by the
Algorithm of Semi-Intransient Matrix of Overseer Network
in The Dune of Elusion.
Gemstones
x1 Agnidus Agate Sliver
x9 Agnidus Agate Fragment
x9 Agnidus Agate Chunk
x6 Agnidus Agate Gemstone
These are dropped by all Pyro Normal and World Bosses, such as the Pyro Hypostasis and Pyro Regisvine. Additionally, you can
convert materials
using the Crafting Table to turn your existing Gemstones into Pyro ones.
Common materials
x18 Faded Red Satin
x30 Trimmed Red Silk
x36 Rich Red Brocade
These are dropped by all kinds of
Eremites
found in Sumeru's rainforest and desert.
Related:
Genshin Impact Dehya kit – All Skills, Constellations, Passives & more!
Talent level-up materials & cost
You must prepare
1,652,500 Mora
and the following materials to level up all three of Dehya's Talents to level 10. Naturally, the cost will be a lot lower if you don't intend to triple-crown this character.
Talent materials
x9 Teachings of Praxis
x63 Guide to Praxis
x114 Philosophies of Praxis
These can be farmed from the
Steeple of Ignorance Domain
in Chatrakam Cave on Wednesdays, Saturdays, and Sundays.
Common materials
x18 Faded Red Satin
x66 Trimmed Red Silk
x93 Rich Red Brocade
These are dropped by all kinds of Eremites found in Sumeru's rainforest and desert.
Weekly Boss material & Crown of Insight
x3 Crown of Insight
x18 Puppet Strings
Crowns of Insight are limited rewards that can be obtained from big events. Dehya's Weekly Boss material is called Puppet Strings. It can be farmed from the
Shouki no Kami
in the Joururi Workshop Domain, located in Chinhat Ravine.
To explore the Desert of Hadramaveth, check out our guide on
How to unlock the Fane of Panjvahe Domain in Genshin Impact
here on Pro Game Guides.
More Posts from PGG