Build Genshin Impact Beidou As The Best Sub-DPS For Dendro Teams
Yooki
-
Jun 17, 2023
|
Mobile Games
Genshin Impact Beidou is the best sub-DPS for Dendro teams after update 3.0. Let's check how to build this Electro sub-DPS for Nahida and Alhaitham's teams.
All Must-Knows About Dendro Elemental Reactions In Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Divine Ingenuity Day 4: Tips & Guide For Trove Sweeper
Best Teams & Tips To Win Bastion Mechanicus In Genshin Impact Divine Ingenuity
Genshin Impact Beidou is an old character, but she became the best sub-DPS for Dendro teams after update 3.0. Let's check how to build this character to boost the power of your Dendr0-based team.
Table of Contents
Why Is Beidou The Top Sub-DPS?
Best Artifacts For Beidou
Best Weapons For Beidou
Why Is Beidou The Top Sub-DPS?
The Elemental burst of Beidou - Stormbreaker - deal high Electro DMG when she is off-field. Therefore, she lets other on-field DMG dealers like Alhaitham stay on-field and combat. In addition, Beidou does not require a high constellation level to be strong. Beginners can try to unlock Beidou C2. But it's very easy for Genshin veterans to unlock Beidou C6.
Beidou is the best sub-DPS for Dendro teams now.
A Beidou C6 with a level-13 elemental burst can shoot Electro arrows dealing 1020% DMG to the opponents every second. Her Stormbreaker lasts 15 seconds. Therefore, the sub-DPS can deal 15300% to enemies during the active duration of her elemental burst.
The release of the Dendro element with four new reactions of Dendro, Electro, and other elements make her more helpful and powerful in Genshin Impact.
She can trigger Dendro-based reactions.
Best Artifacts For Beidou
Remember that Beidou's strength is her elemental burst. Therefore, you need to build her Energy Recharge to charge this ultimate skill. Players can use Fischl as an Electro battery for Beidou's team. Then, equip the following artifacts for this sub-DPS.
The 4-piece
Emblem of Severed Fate
set is the best option for Beidou's burst.
Mix 2 pieces of
Thundering Fury
/2 pieces of
Noblesse Oblige
/2 pieces of
Emblem of Severed Fate
with 2 pieces of any artifact sets that buff 18% ATK.
Emblem of Severed Fate is the best artifact for Beidou.
The artifact set of 4-piece
Thunder­soother
buffs her DMG if you use Beidou to maintain the Electro aura in Electro-charged and Aggravate teams. Beidou is one of the
best Electro characters for Aggravate team
.
You should equip 4 pieces of
Thundering Fury
for Beidou only when she plays in the Aggravate team. It lets her use the elemental skill more frequently, increase her survival ability, reduce the energy demand, and deal higher DMG to targets.
Thundering Fury is an ideal option for Beidou in Aggravate team.
If you do not have enough recommended artifacts, choose alternative ones that contribute to her ATK, Electro DMG, and Crit Rate.
Best Weapons For Beidou
Beidou is the Claymore wielder. You should give her one of the following Claymore to buff important stats for Beidou.
Serpent Spine
with level-5 refinement is the best weapon for Beidou in the sub-DPS role.
Wolf's Gravestone
is the best weapon if Beidou does not get much ATK from teammates and artifacts.
Beidou can deal tons of DMG to enemies with a Serpent Spine.
Akuoumaru
is a replacement for Serpent Spine on a team with high Elemental Burst DMG.
Skyward Pride
has high ATK and Energy Recharge stats. Therefore, it's good for Beidou if Fischl is not on her team.
Luxurious Sea-Lord
is an ideal free-to-play weapon for this character if you can't afford other Claymore.
Beidou can support Nahida in her Bloom and Aggravate teams.
Besides, Rainslasher and Prototype Archaic are affordable for most Genshin Impact players. You should build Beidou for Alhaitham, Nahida, and Baizhu's teams. Beidou can apply Electro continuously when she is off-field with her Stormbreaker.
>>> Also Read:
All Must-Knows About Dendro Elemental Reactions In Genshin Impact
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Guide
#Genshin Impact tips
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025