Alhaitham may usually be found in Genshin Impact, where he serves as a Scribe of Sumeru’s Akademiya, recording discoveries and crafting regulations. Alhaitham is a very busy individual who typically cannot accommodate visitors.
Alhaitham, a Dendro character with 5 stars, has excellent base stats and is capable of doing a lot of damage. Here’s how to construct the 5-Star persona if fortune has smiled upon you.
Similar posts:-
Play More, Pay Less: Playstation Plus February Games for 2023!
Stellar News Alert: Starfield Release Date Shifts On Steam!
Prime Examples of Alhaitham’s Constructions and Artifact Groupings
Considering that much of Alhaitham’s damage will come from producing elemental reactions, boosting his CRIT stats and Elemental Mastery is crucial. The optimal collection of artifacts to augment his skillset is detailed below.
Boxed Set of 4 Gilded Dreams
Alhaitham’s Elemental Mastery will be improved by 80 points thanks to a two-pack of Gilded Dreams. If Alhaitham’s elemental reaction is triggered within 8 seconds, its 4-set will grant him benefits proportional to the elemental types of the other members of the party.
Character Demo – "Alhaitham: Think Before You Act" | Genshin Impact
>>
https://t.co/OkwrdFyICw
#GenshinImpact
#HoYoverse
#Alhaitham
— Genshin Impact (@GenshinImpact)
January 17, 2023
Each party member whose elemental type is the same as Alhaitham’s will see their ATK improve by 14%, and their Elemental Mastery increase by 50%. Your party can have up to three characters benefit from each boost.
Once every 8 seconds, even though Alhaitham is not present on the field, this effect can go into action. In order to develop more powerful elemental reactions, Alhaitham would greatly benefit from reading Gilded Dreams.
If you want Dendro’s elemental mastery to go up even more, you should focus on adding more characters who aren’t Dendro. Take a look at these primary and secondary metrics to keep an eye on.
Type of Artifact
Main Stat
Substats
Sands of Eon
Elemental Mastery
Elemental Mastery, CRIT DMG, CRIT Rate, Energy Recharge, ATK%
Goblet of Eonothem
Dendro DMG Bonus
Elemental Mastery, CRIT DMG, CRIT Rate, Energy Recharge, ATK%
Circlet of Logos
CRIT DMG or CRIT Rate
Elemental Mastery, CRIT DMG, CRIT Rate, Energy Recharge, ATK%
All of Alhaitham’s Finest 5- and 4-Star Weapons
Fortunately, Alhaitham can choose from a wide variety of effective weapons, including a handful that is both accessible and cost nothing to use. You should equip him with weapons that boost his CRIT stats and elemental mastery so that he can generate strong elemental reactions and serve as your main damage dealer. We suggest you pick up one of these weapons for Alhaitham.
Light of Foliar Incision and the Primal Jade Cutter, both of which are 5 weapons
Alhaitham’s CRIT DMG will grow by 19.20 percent from its base value thanks to the Light of Foliar Incision. It has a bonus skill that raises the critical hit rate by 4%. By obtaining the Foliar Incision effect after his normal attacks have inflicted elemental damage, his normal attack and elemental skill damage will be increased by 120 percent of his Elemental Mastery.
After 28 instances of DMG, or 12 seconds, this effect will no longer be in effect. Once every 12 seconds, Alhaitham will get access to the foliar incision. If you’re in a position to do so, you should definitely go for Alhaitham’s hallmark weapon, the Light of Foliar Incision.
It has a huge bonus to Crit DMG and will significantly improve his elemental mastery, allowing him to deliver even more damage with his Dendro strikes. Alhaitham’s CRIT Rate will start out 9.6 percentage points higher when he uses the Primordial Jade Cutter. Using its Bonus Skill, its health point total will grow by 20%.
Character Demo Alhaitham
It also offers an attack bonus equal to 1.2% of Alhaitham’s maximum HP. Primordial Jade Cutter is an excellent choice if your Alhaitham builds lack CRIT Rate. Access to standard banners is always available and requires little effort on your part.
Toukabou Shigure and Iron Sting Are Both Rated 4 Stars
Alhaitham’s Elemental Mastery will get a 36-point boost from the start thanks to Toukabou Shigure. After a successful assault, its Bonus Skill will inflict Cursed Parasol for 10 seconds on an enemy. Every fifteen seconds, you can use this effect once. If the target is eliminated while under the effects of Cursed Parasol, the cooldown will reset immediately.
Cursed parasol increases Alhaitham’s damage by 16 percent. If you don’t already have Alhaitham’s signature weapon, Toukabou Shigure, consider obtaining it via the Akitsu Kimodameshi Event and presenting it to him. It’ll make his elemental reaction damage much more effective.
Alhaitham’s Elemental Mastery will immediately rise by 36 thanks to Iron Sting. Whenever it deals elemental damage, its bonus skill will raise all DMG by 6% for 6 seconds. You can only do this once every second, and you can only stack it a maximum of twice.
If you were unable to participate in the Akitsu Kimodameshi Event, you can play Alhaitham for free during the Iron Sting. Alhaitham’s overall damage will rise by the same amount as his Elemental Mastery enhancement.
Character Demo – "Alhaitham: Think Before You Act"
▶️EN ver:
https://t.co/qBEAeG9aHo
▶️CN ver:
https://t.co/250vAkpid1
▶️JP ver:
https://t.co/6kI2P0qdJT
▶️KR ver:
https://t.co/muFW7ggcWm
#GenshinImpact
#原神
#원신
#Alhaitham
#アルハイゼン
#알하이탐
pic.twitter.com/wgi6EfYGPD
— Genshin Update  (@GenshinUpdate)
January 17, 2023
The Strongest Possible Alhaitham Team
Having a team with largely different elements would help Alhaitham make the most of the
Gilded Dreams
4-Set. Since Alhaitham deals the bulk of his damage through elemental reactions, you’ll want this anyway. His top teams are listed below.
Competent Group With 5+ Stars
Since there are two characters on the squad with different elements, Alhaitham’s elemental mastery will be significantly boosted when using the Gilded Dreams set. When Alhaitham is on the field, this group will be able to increase his damage with the help of the Bloom, Hyperbloom, and Quicken Reactions they create.
Character
Character Type and Benefits
Nahida
Support, Can provide an increase to Alhaitham’s Elemental Mastery with Elemental Burst and deal off-field Dendro DMG.
Raiden Shogun
Sub-DPS can provide strong Electro DMG to create hyper bloom, quicken reactions and increase the team’s energy.
Yelan
Sub-DPS can provide consistent hydro DMG to create a bloom reaction and increase the active character’s DMG with a burst.
Four-Star Group
One of the primary goals of this group is to perfect the Burgeon reaction, which requires first making a Dendro core out of hydro and Dendro and then applying Pyro to that core. You can also generate a few additional elemental reactions, but Burgeon will be the most useful and provide everyone on the team with a significant role.
Read more:-
Mind-Blowing Pixel Art of Minecraft Village Brings the Game to Life!
Top 5 Most Popular Game Engines of 2023
Character
Character Type and Benefits
Candace
Sub-DPS Can provide additional Hydro DMG and shields to protect the team.
Bennett
Support can provide pyro DMG to create Burgeon as well as heal and buff the team with Elemental Burst.
Xingqiu
Sub-DPS can provide consistent hydro-DMG off-field to create the bloom reaction.
We hope you have found all the relevant information about the character demo Alhaitham: A Guide to the Best Builds and Teams in Genshin Impact. For the latest news and information, stay tuned with us here.
Game Empress Editorial Standards:
Editorial Policy
Fact-Checking Policy
Corrections Policy