You need to use the
best Genshin Impact Faruzan team comp
in order to get the most out of this Anemo bow user. Most four-star characters struggle to break into meta-defining teams, but Faruzan may be an exception to this as she specialises in buffing Anemo abilities.
Faruzan arrives alongside the
Scaramouche banner
in the
Genshin Impact 3.3 update
. You're going to need to find all of
Genshin Impact Faruzan ascension materials
if you want to level this Anemo character up to reach her full potential. Here are what characters you need to assemble the best Genshin Impact Faruzan team comp.
The best Genshin Impact Faruzan team comp is:
Faruzan
The Wanderer
Yelan
Bennett
This team composition is hyper-aggressive, so you need to pay attention to your health bars during combat if you want to survive. We've gone for Scaramouche, also known as The Wanderer, as our main DPS dealer. This Anemo catalyst user is capable of dealing serious amounts of damage, but he needs to ensure enemies are grouped together to make use of Faruzan's buffs.
Yelan is an excellent party member for the best Faruzan team comp as she can use her elemental skill to attack multiple enemies at once, creating a bind around them to force them into a circle. Finally, switch to Bennett and use his elemental burst when you're in need of an attack boost or heals. As long as you keep fights contained to one confined area, you should have no problem utilising Faruzan's buffs to deal massive amounts of damage.
Razer DeathAdder V2 Pro - Genshin Impact Edition
Razer DeathAdder V2 Pro - Genshin Impact Edition
Razer
$139.99
Buy Now
Network N earns affiliate commission from qualifying sales.
Utilise the best Genshin Impact Faruzan team comp to clear every spiral abyss floor with ease. Don't forget to check out the current batch of
Genshin Impact events
to find out if you can earn some easy primogems. We also have a
Genshin Impact banner
guide to find out which characters are currently available to wish for. You may want to read our
Genshin Impact codes
guide if you're saving your primogems to unlock Faruzan and The Wanderer.