Best Teams for Mavuika in Genshin Impact
Mavuka has a unique kit, so to make the most out of that players would need to field specific support characters to buff the damage output of the Pyro Archon. So to help the players in this guide, we will discuss the team members that the players can field and which comps will be most beneficial for Mavuika.
By
Aatish Ghosh
|
Share on Facebook
Share on X
Share on Reddit
Copy Article
Add us as a preferred source
Genshin Impact rolls out Mavuika Character Event Wish | Hoyoverse
Mavuika is currently the strongest DPS in-game, meaning pairing her up with the best possible supporting unit will multiply her DMG out massively making her a force to be reckoned with. In the current meta there are multiple units who can be paired up with her, but to bring the most out of her kit only few are there.
That is why in the following part of the guide we will discuss the best possible units who can team up with her, to amplify her abilities. So let's not waste further time and dive deep into the details of the best Mavuika comps out there in Genshin Impact.
Best teams for Mavuika
1) Mavuika+ Xilonen+ Bennet+ Citlali  (Melt)
Mavuika - (5-Star, Pyro, DPS)
Xilonen - (5-star, Geo, Buffer/Healer)
Bennet - (4-star, Pyro, Battery/Healer)
Citlali - (5-star, Cryo, Shield/Buffer)
#GenshinImpact
#Citlali
Hey, do you have any plans today? The weather seems quite lovely.
No, nothing... just asking casually. I'll be doing the usual — staying home, reading light novels, and maybe doing some fortune-telling.
So if you don't have any plans, why don't you come…
pic.twitter.com/3ZpesEfSwM
— Genshin Impact (@GenshinImpact)
February 14, 2025
In this premium comp, Mavuika is the star of the show who will be dealing massive Pyro DMG as the main DPS. While from behind Xilonen, Bennet and Citlali will be the backbone of the squad who will be buffing Mavuika's abilities every second.
To bring out most out of Mavuika, start the rotation with Bennet's ult, which will boost the ATK of any other units that are within his burst radius. Follow it with Xilonen's Burst, which boosts ATK values, as well as makes sure other teammates get healing even if they are not near Bennet's burst radius. After applying both the buffer's Burst, use Citlali's Shield and Burst to apply Cryo on the foes, and then follow up with Mavuika's Burst and Normal Attacks(if the enemy survives the Burst of Mavuika).
2) Mavuika+ Xilonen+ Bennet+ Furina ( Vaporize)
Mavuika - (5-Star, Pyro, DPS)
Xilonen - (5-star, Geo, Buffer/Healer)
Bennet - (4-star, Pyro, Battery/Healer)
Furina - (5-star, Hydro, Healer/Buffer)
Character Introduction — "Ardent Flames Forge the Soul" Xilonen
#GenshinImpact5ꓸ1
#GenshinImpact
#Xilonen
Hello Traveler! Today, we are introducing a Name Engraver of the Nanatzcayan, who is especially skilled at finding a good balance between the heavy responsibilities of her…
pic.twitter.com/yoCHhnPJeF
— Genshin Impact (@GenshinImpact)
October 3, 2024
In this comp, we will focus on dealing massive damage through Vaporize reaction. Again in this comp, Mavuika will be the main damage dealer, while the three support units will be there to support Mavuika in dealing those massive Elemental Burst Damage.
To successfully apply the Vaporize reaction, players should start with the Elemental skill of Furina, which will apply Hydro on the foes who are on the field. Follow up with Bennet's and Xilonen Elemental Burst which will take care of healing and buffing Mavuika's DMG output. By now, Furina's Elemental Burst should be charged up, use that to add some extra buff on Mavuika, and now just hit the Elemental Burst of Mavuika and hit the foes with the massive Pyro DMG. Follow this rotation until the battlefield is clear of enemies.
These two comps are currently the best Mavuika teams that can deal massive damage on the field, but players can always experiment with other units to apply different reactions like Overload, Burning, and more.
Add us as a preferred source on
Google
Follow
Loading recommendations... Please wait while we load personalized content recommendations