Genshin Impact 5.3: Mavuika’s best build guide, gear, and teams | GosuGamers
gosugamers
gosuentertainment
gosubattles
Games
Articles
Tournaments
Matches
Rankings
Home
/
All News
Genshin Impact
1 year ago
Arianne "YanKu" Blanco
Share
{" "}
Genshin Impact 5.3: Mavuika’s best build guide, gear, and teams
Source: HoYoverse
The Pyro Archon Mavuika is here! Here’s how to build her.
Mavuika has finally joined Genshin Impact's playable character roster as the latest playable Archon to give a fiery start to 2025!
Mavuika is a flexible character who can play both Main and Sub DPS roles, able to dish out both on-field and off-field damage that can easily annihilate all enemies on the field. Mavuika also boasts incredible damage multipliers in her burst to go with buffing capabilities to push your other characters to their max potential. Nothing less for the most powerful warrior in all of Natlan, right?
Mavuika’s bread and butter are both her skill and burst. Through her skill
The Named Moment
, Mavuika is capable of summoning
All-Fire Armaments
, which is passed down through all the human Archons in Natlan, allowing her to deal Nightsoul-aligned Pyro DMG. Mavuika’s Nightsoul points will also be restored at max value through her skill.
The All-Fire Armaments have different effects depending when you tap or hold her skill button, that being:
Tap: Divine Name Unleashed
The All-Fire Armaments will manifest as a
Ring of Searing Radiance
; think Xiangling’s Pyronado burst. The ring will follow the current active character and deal Pyro DMG to nearby opponents at intervals.
Hold: Ancient Name Unbound
The All-Fire Armaments will manifest as a Flamestrider, a.k.a Mavuika’s badass motorcycle! Once deployed, Mavuik will be able to ride the Flamestrider at high speed, or even activate its hidden back propulsion module to cross through different terrain types and glide through the air! As such, Mavuika’s Normal, Charged, and Plunging attacks are converted to deal Nighsoul-aligned Pyro DMG that is unable to be overridden by other elements, as well as deal Nightsoul-aligned Pyro DMG to enemies along her path when she sprints.
On the other hand, Mavuika’s burst
Hour of Burning Skies
is unique as it does not rely on Energy points, but instead relies on the accumulation of
Fighting Spirit
which can be provided by her fellow party members. When she has at least 50% Fighting Spirit, Mavuika will be able to consume all points to unleash her burst.
After unleashing her burst, Mavuika will also gain 10 Nightsoul points and enter the Nightsoul’s Blessing state, allowing her to ride her Flamestrider high in the air and bestow a devastating
Sunfell Slice
against opponents on the ground in an AoE. After doing so, Mavuika will enter the
Crucible of Death and Life
state, which will increase Mavuika’s resistance to interruption, halt the consumption of Nightsoul points through her various actions, as well as increase the DMG dealt by both the Sunfell Slice and the hold version of her skill. The damage increase will depend on how much Fighting Spirit Mavuika has consumed through her burst.
There are two ways to farm Fighting Spirit for Mavuika, those being:
From Nightsoul points consumed by Natlan-aligned party members during combat,
And when party members’ Normal Attacks hit enemies. Fighting Spirit can be attained through this method every 0.1s.
Mavuika’s ascension passives also provide a number of buffs to herself and to party members in her team, which are:
1st Ascension Passive: Gift of Flaming Flowers
Mavuika’s ATK is increased by 30% for 10s when a party member triggers a Nightsoul Burst;
4th Ascension Passive: Kiongozi
After triggering Mavuika’s burst, every point of Fighting Spirit present when it is unleashed will increase the DMG of a current active party member by 0.2%, to a maximum of 40%.
When ascending Mavuika’s talents, you will need to equally ascend both her Skill and Burst, but you can also focus on ascending her Burst first, Skill second, and Normals last. It will be ideal to get these 3 to an equal level in the long run to maximise her DMG potential.
Mavuika’s best gear and teams
When it comes to gear, Mavuika has some great options you can go for. Here’s what you can equip for those massive oonga boonga DMG numbers!
Weapons
A Thousand Blazing Suns
(5-star, gacha) - this is obviously Mavuika’s best weapon, as it is tailor-made for her kit and is her signature. A Thousand Blazing Suns ascends with Crit Rate, will provide a substantial boost to Mavuika’s ATK thanks to its high base ATK, and will increase Mavuika’s DMG capability.
Beacon of the Reed Sea
(5-star, gacha) - Although this weapon is essentially a ghost (AKA it hasn’t seen a rerun since it was included in last year’s first Chronicled Wish banner), Beacon of the Reed Sea is a good generalist alternative if you were lucky enough to have this in your inventory. It has a higher Crit Rate substat than A Thousand Blazing Suns, and provides an additional ATK increase that’s definitely more than welcome for Mavuika to enjoy.
Serpent Spine
(4-star, Batte Pass) - Serpent Spine provides a good Crit Rate boost and a good ATK Boost, but its downside is you’ll need to pair up Mavuika with a shielder since this weapon’s passive will make her more vulnerable to DMG.
Artifacts
When it comes to artifacts, Mavuika’s best options are those that focus on the Nightsoul mechanic, as typical for all Natlan characters. These artifacts are:
Obsidian Codex
- an artifact set designed for Natlan characters. The Obsidian Codex set at 2pc will increase DMG dealt by 15% while the equipping character is in the Nightsoul’s Blessing State, while the 4-pc set will increase Crit Rate by 40% for 6s when the equipping character consumes 1 nightsoul point. This effect can trigger once every second.
Scroll of the Hero of the Cinder City
- provides elemental energy when a Nightsoul Burst is triggered at 2-pc, and at 4-pc will provide a 12%  Elemental DMG Bonus to party members wielding the Elemental Types involved in the elemental reaction for 15s. If the equipping character is in the Nightsoul's Blessing state when triggering this effect, all nearby party members gain an additional 28% Elemental DMG Bonus for the Elemental Types involved in the elemental reaction for 20s. The equipping character can trigger this effect while off-field, and the DMG bonus from Artifact Sets with the same name do not stack.
Stats you should go for: ATK% for Sands, Pyro DMG Bonus for Goblet, and either Crit Rate or Crit DMG for Circlet, whichever is more lacking. Focus on getting as much ATK, ATK% and CRIT for substats, DEF isn’t really a priority, and you should avoid Energy Recharge as Mavuika has no need for it.
Teams
Since Mavuika focuses on Pyro DMG, it’s essential to pair her in teams that focus on buffing her elemental capability and boost her ATK multipliers, or teams that focus on the Melt or Vaporize reactions. Here’s some compositions you can try if you want to focus on Mavuika’s capability as a Main DPS!
Mavuika, Bennett, Citlali, Xilonen
- this team composition focuses on providing Mavuika with as much Fighting Spirit as possible thanks to her and Citlali’s synergy with each other. Citlali also helps provide the Melt reaction thanks to her Cryo element, and is capable of reducing your enemies’s Pyro resistance thanks to her passive. Bennett and Xilonen will act as Mavuika’s buffers, making this her nuclear burst spamming party.
Mavuika, Furina, Citlali, Xilonen/Bennett
- this team is similar to Mavuika’s nuclear burst spamming party, but instead of focusing solely on Melt,  Furina and Citlali will work together to freeze enemies in place. Furina is also the greatest support character in-game, and will provide substantial buffs to Mavuika’s DMG capability alongside Xilonen or Bennett further boosting her attacks. We can call this her nuclear burst spamming party ft. former Hydro Archon Furina~
If you’re keen on putting Mavuika in a more Sub-DPS role, she can work in tandem with DPSs like Mualani, Kinich, and Chasca!
Author
Arianne "YanKu" Blanco
Full time gamer, writer, and cat parent.
Related Articles
General
HoYoverse unveils Snezhnaya as Genshin Impact's next major map expansion, launches in August
General
Lohen revealed as new playable character for Genshin Impact Version Luna VII
General
Genshin Impact unveils Nicole as next playable character for Version Luna VII
General
Genshin Impact Version Luna VI launches on 8 April–Linnea to debut with map expansion, and more
General
Genshin Impact reveals Linnea as next playable character
General
Genshin Impact Version Luna V Varka's best gear and team compositions
Data will be updated soon
Data will be updated soon
Top headlines
BetBoom Team, Aurora Gaming lead Playoff-qualified teams at PGL Wallachia Season 8
Street Fighter 6 tweaks Alex dialogue after backlash over incest storyline
Capcom reveals first look at new character Ingrid’s gameplay in Street Fighter 6, launching 28 May
Crimson Desert’s newest patch adds difficulty settings, overhauls housing, and expands pets
Assassin’s Creed Black Flag Resynced officially launches in July 2026, new trailer confirms
MinD_ContRoL joins Indonesian Dota 2 team REKONIX as trial coach
Top headlines
Netflix announces original anime movie “The Ribbon Hero” for August 2026
“The World's Finest Assassin Gets Reincarnated in Another World as an Aristocrat” returns in 2027
"The Fragrant Flowers Bloom With Dignity" manga goes on three-week hiatus
Romance manga “Glasses with a Chance of Delinquent” gets anime adaptation