Click Here to Add Beebom as a Trusted Source
Add as a preferred source on Google
Mavuika is finally becoming playable in the coming version 5.3, and if you want to add her to your team, then you should know how to best build her. Mavuika can play as a sub-DPS or a main-DPS, being equally strong in both roles. Her best teams will always feature Natlan characters as they really complement each other. She is currently the strongest character in Natlan, and here is how you can best build Mavuika in Genshin Impact.
Genshin Impact Mavuika Build: Overview
Image Credit: Hoyoverse (via YouTube/Genshin Impact, screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
Looking for the best Mavuika build? Here is a quick overview of the Pyro Archon’s best build in Genshin Impact:
Artifact
: Obsidian Codex (4-piece)
Weapon
: A Thousand Blazing Suns (5-star) / Serpent Spine (4-star)
Main Stats
: Elemental Mastery % or Attack % (Sands), Pyro Damage (Goblet), and Crit Damage (Circlet)
Sub Stats
: Attack % > Crit Rate = Crit Damage > EM
Team
: Mavuika, Xilonen, Bennet, Furina
To learn about more build options for Mavuika, read the rest of the article. Also, take a look at
Mavuika’s materials
to max her once you pull her from the banners.
Best Mavuika Artifacts in Genshin Impact
Image Credit: Hoyoverse/Genshin Impact (screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
4-piece Obsidian Codex (Main DPS build)
4-piece Marechaussee Hunter (Furina team)
4-piece Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City (off-field Sub DPS build)
Mavuika can be built either as a Main DPS, or an off-field Sub-DPS. Both options are very strong, but I personally prefer her as the main DPS option. For Mavuika’s main DPS build, the 4-piece Obsidian Codex is her best Artifact set. This artifact set is a clear favorite for all Natlan DPS units, and Mavuika is one of them. A close alternative for this artifact would be a 4-piece Marechaussee Hunter, but this artifact only works if you have Furina on the team.
If you want to build Mavuika as an off-field sub-DPS, then a
4-piece Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City
is the best option. As Mavuika would generally pair with other Natlan DPS characters as a Sub-DPS, this artifact set is the perfect choice as it increases the Elemental Damage bonus for the entire team.
Best Stats for Mavuika in Genshin Impact
Mavuika can play both as a main and sub-DPS, so you need to build her stats based on her role in the team. If
you are playing DPS Mavuika, then go for EM sands
, otherwise, go for Attack % sands. Other than that, use a
Pyro Damage Goblet
, and
Crit Damage Circlet
.
For sub-stats, prioritize Attack % first and then Crit Rate and Crit Damage. Finally, dump the rest into Elemental Mastery. Also, Mavuika doesn’t use energy so you don’t need to build any Energy Regeneration stat for her.
Artifact
Main / Sub-Stat
Flower
Flat HP / Attack % > Crit Rate = Crit Damage > EM
Feather
Flat ATK / Attack % > Crit Rate = Crit Damage > EM
Sands
EM = Attack % / Attack % > Crit Rate = Crit Damage > EM
Goblet
Pyro Damage / Attack % > Crit Rate = Crit Damage > EM
Circlet
Crit Damage / Attack % > Crit Rate = Crit Damage > EM
Related Articles
Genshin Impact’s New Game Mode Allows Players to Create Their Own Gameplay Stages
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Dec 20, 2024
Genshin Impact Lan Yan: Kit, Release Date & Constellation
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Dec 17, 2024
Genshin Impact: Lan Yan Materials
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Dec 13, 2024
Best Weapons for Mavuika in Genshin Impact
Image Credit: Hoyoverse (via YouTube/Genshin Impact, screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
A Thousand Blazing Suns (Signature)
Beacon of the Reed Sea (best 5 alternative)
Verdict (great in Xilonen teams)
Serpent Spine (best 4-star option)
Tidal Shadow (best F2P option)
Ultimate Overlord’s Mega Magic Sword
Akuoumaru
Mavuika’s signature weapon,
A Thousand Blazing Suns
, is also her best-in-slot weapon. This weapon has an 11% bonus Crit Rate and 741 Attack. The weapon effect increases the character’s Attack % and Crit Damage by a lot after using Elemental Skill or Burst.
For her other weapon options, Beacon of the Reed Sea is her best 5-star alternative and Verdict is another great option if you have Xilonen or any other Geo character in the team. Other than that,
Serpent Spine is the best 4-star weapon for Mavuika
. For F2P options, you can use Tidal Shadow, Ultimate Overlord’s Mega Magic Sword, and Akuoumaru as well.
Best Mavuika Teams in Genshin Impact
Teams
Main DPS
Sub DPS/ Support
Support
Support
Mavuika Vape
Mavuika
Xilonen
Bennet
Furina
Mualani Vape
Mualani
Mavuika
Ororon
Bennet
Citlali Melt
Citlali
Mavuika
Kazuha
Bennet
F2P Friendly
Mavuika
Xingqiu
Bennet
Kachina
When it comes to the best Mavuika teams, she is best paired with other Natlan characters. She can act as a sub-DPS for both Mualani vape teams and Citlali Melt teams.
Her best team would be Mavuika vape with Furina, Bennet, and
Xilonen
. Furina alone is enough as a Hydro applier and boosts the damage of the team further. Xilonen is a great support and healer for this team, and Bennet is simply a strong support unit for most teams.
Other than that, for her F2P team, you can also go the Mavuika melt route with Xingqiu, Bennet, and
Kachina
.
So that’s everything on Mavuika’s build in Genshin Impact. Did we miss anything while creating her best build? Tell us in the comments to help the other readers.
#Tags
#Genshin Impact
Sanmay Chakrabarti
An old soul who loves CRPGs and Souls-Like to death. Takes pleasure in simplifying "Complex and Hard" games for casual players with tailored guides and videos. He loves to explore new places, read fantasy fiction, watch anime, and create wacky character builds in his off time. He also loves solving puzzles,  and is proud of maintaining his long winning streak on NYT Connections.
Comments
0
Leave a Reply
Cancel reply
Add new comment
Name
Email ID
Δ
Loading comments...
Recommended Articles
Genshin Impact Jahoda Build: Teams, Artifacts and Weapons
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Columbina Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Illuga Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Zibai Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Varka Build, Kit, Teams and Materials
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Instructor Set: How to Effectively Farm Artifacts
Sanmay Chakrabarti
How to Get Genshin Impact Fortune Coins
Sanmay Chakrabarti
More In Gaming
Marvel Rivals Error Codes and How to Fix Them
Ajith Kumar
How to Get Ben 10 Skins in Fortnite
Pranav Maytray
Sailor Piece Best Luck Build
Ishan Adhikary
Pokemon TCG Pocket Pulsing Aura Set Card List
Arnamoy Das
How to Get Fortnite Bloons TD 6 Sidekick for Free
Pranav Maytray
Assassin's Creed Black Flag Resynced System Requirements (Minimum and Recommended)
Ajith Kumar
Anime Vanguards Tier List (April 2026) – Best Units Ranked
Ishan Adhikary