The Best Team Members For Xilonen In Genshin Impact
By
Sanyam Jain
Published
Oct 14, 2024, 1:15 PM EDT
Sanyam Jain is a Staff Writer at TheGamer who has worked as a professional gaming journalist since 2022. A Journalism and Mass Communication graduate, he has been testing the limits of the games he plays for as long as he can remember.
An expert in RPG, Open-World, and Gacha games, Sanyam's articles are based on hours upon hours of testing with every new character, mechanic, or puzzle to ensure that you get every information you'll need about it.
Add Us On
Jump links
Genshin Impact: Complete Guide
Jump Links
Strong Natlan Team
The Hydro Dragon Reigns Supreme
The Return Of Cryo
Navia Xilonen Team
Xilonen DPS Team
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Thread
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Once you acquire a new character in
Genshin Impact
and build them up, the next step is to find the perfect team to use them in. Most characters in the game have about two to three good teams where you can use them, while some can be a little more niche and have only one good team until more characters get released.
Related
Genshin Impact: All Natlan Shrine Of Depths Locations
Here's where to find every Natlan Shrine Of Depths in Genshin Impact!
Posts
By
Ajay V
Xilonen, a five-star Geo Sword user is an exception to all this because of her flexible support capabilities. She has quite a range of valuable teams that she can be used in, and the only condition is the element of the characters in it.
Strong Natlan Team
Xilonen
Buffer/Sustainer
Mualani
Main DPS
Nahida
Burning enabler
Xiangling
Pyro applicator
Mualani's release in the game during the Version 5.0 update came as a pleasant surprise with her high numbers even with F2P-friendly builds and weapons. This character could already
deal over 200,000 damage with each buffed shark bite
when you were fighting single-target bosses, which is more than enough to get you through the endgame already.
However, she was
made even better with the release of Xilonen
due to a couple of reasons:
Xilonen can provide her with up to
36 percent Hydro RES shred on the opponents
, which can significantly increase her damage. She does all this while being the sustainer of the team due to her heals from the Burst.
She can also use the Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City artifact set to
additionally buff Mualani's Elemental DMG by 40 percent
as long as you Crystallize with Hydro.
There's a lack of good constant Pyro applicators in the game, which is
negated by the presence of Nahida in this team
. Whenever Xiangling applies Pyro on the opponents using her Skill or Burst, Nahida's mark can be used to trigger Burning, which constantly burns the enemy and applies even more Pyro.
You can also use
Emilie
as an alternative to Nahida to deal extra damage since
she gets buffed from the Burning reaction
.
Here's what the rotation for this team should look like:
Start with Mualani's basic attack to apply Hydro on the enemies and then switch to Xilonen. With her, you have to simply trigger her Skill and
use two to three Basic Attacks till her Nightsoul meter fills up
. You can also use her Burst if it's ready.
Switch over to Nahida and Xiangling in that order and use both their Skills and Bursts. Ideally,
you'd want to have Xiangling on the Emblem set
with as high Energy Recharge as possible for this team.
Finally, switch back over to Mualani and constantly use her shark bites with
three stacks on the enemies during her Elemental Skill
. You can also trigger her Burst before or after her Skill if it's ready.
If you're fighting multiple enemies, you'd
want Mualani's mark from the Skill to be on all the enemies
before you perform an attack.
The Hydro Dragon Reigns Supreme
Xilonen
Buffer/Sustainer
Neuvillette
Main DPS
Furina
Buffer/Sub-DPS
Kaedehara Kazuha
Buffer
Ever since the release of Neuvillette, no one has come close to his authority on the Hydro element as the main DPS. While Mualani can deal significantly higher damage in a single instance, Neuvillette still deals better damage overall,
especially in this team due to the existence of Furina
and her massive off-field damage.
The only missing part with Neuvillette was the fourth staple team member who could buff his damage. While Zhongli did a decent job, Xilonen easily power creeps his buff and gives a ton of value to this team. Between Kazuha and Xilonen, you can get up to
76 percent RES shred and over 70 percent Elemental DMG bonus
for Neuvillette and Furina.
Other than all these buffs,
Furina also provides a significant DMG bonus
when the party members' HP increases or decreases during her Burst.
If you're already enticed to use this team after
reading all the buffs you can get
, here's what the rotation should look like:
Start with Neuvillette's Skill followed by Furina's Skill and Burst. While it's not necessary to use Neuvillette's Skill at the start,
it will help you in the later stages of the rotation
if you execute it well.
Follow this up with Kazuha's and Xilonen's Skill and Burst. Of course, for Xilonen, you'll also
have to perform a couple of basic attacks
to cap out the Nightsoul meter.
After all these abilities, switch back to Neuvillette and consistently use his Charged Attack with the
orbs from his Skill and Burst until you run out
. The initial orbs you spawned will still be there when you switch to him, giving you an extra Charged Attack here.
The Return Of Cryo
Xilonen
Buffer/Sustainer
Kamisato Ayaka
Main DPS
Shenhe
Buffer
Kaedehara Kazuha
Buffer
During the early days of Genshin Impact, Kamisato Ayaka was one of the most anticipated characters in the game, with a bunch of players saving all their Primogems for her.
While she did remain in the meta for quite a long time
after her release, she eventually fell off due to the lack of good Cryo reaction compatibility.
With the release of Xilonen, you can once again use Ayaka in a partial mono-Cryo team. In this team, Xilonen, Kazuha, and Shenhe all
exist simply to funnel all their buffs into Ayaka
while she deals all the damage once she takes the field. If you don't have Shenhe, you can also use Bennett as the buffer, though that might mess up some of the reactions.
You can also g
o for a freeze composition
here by replacing Shenhe with the
likes of Kokomi
, Yelan, or Xingqiu.
As for the rotation of this team, here's what you need to do:
Start with Ayaka's Skill to deal a bit of damage and apply Cryo on the enemies. After that, switch over to Kazuha and
use his Skill and Burst to Swirl Cryo with everything
.
You can then switch to Xilonen and use her Skill with a
couple of basic attacks to Crystallize Cryo as well
, which will give you full benefits. Now, quickly switch to Shenhe and use her Skill and Burst.
Finally, you can switch back to Ayaka and use all her abilities freely while the buffs last. The rotation for this team will be quite small and
you'll have to execute it once every ten to 15 seconds
.
Navia Xilonen Team
Xilonen
Buffer/Sustainer
Navia
Main DPS
Furina
Buffer/Sub-DPS
Bennett
Buffer
Ever since her release, Navia has been one of the most popular Geo characters both because
she's a good unit and there's a lack of fun characters in the Geo element
. However, one of the main problems with her was the lack of Geo-related reactions and most Geo supports buffing the DEF of the main DPS.
Xilonen changes this, which, much like Neuvillette,
makes her a great team member for Navia as well
. Not only does she act like the Kazuha for Navia, but she also triggers various Crystallize reactions to give her the required stacks. On top of all that, she can replace the team's sustainer, which still leaves two slots for other supports.
Furina and Bennett are two of the best choices for Navia since
they can give the buff to her burst-type damage
.
For this team, you'd want to use the characters in the following manner:
Start with Furina's Skill and Burst
since it lasts the longest
followed by Bennett's abilities.
You can then switch to Xilonen and use all her abilities as well. You can also trigger
multiple Crystallize reactions here
both with her basic attacks and Burst.
Finally, switch to Navia and use all the buffs and Crystallize stacks to deal
massive damage with her Skill while getting decent damage from her Burst
and basic attacks as well.
The most important aspect of this team is having at least two characters from Hydro, Cryo, Electro, and Pyro elements even if you replace Furina and Bennett.
You need these to properly activate Xilonen's samplers
even when she's off-field.
Xilonen DPS Team
Xilonen
Main DPS
Gorou
Buffer
Zhongli
Buffer/Sustainer
Xianyun
Plunge Enabler
Finally, Xilonen's team compositions wouldn't really be complete without having a team for her DPS playstyle. However, it's first
important to mention the conditions that you have to meet
to use this play style. Essentially, you can't have more than one character from Pyro, Hydro, Electro, and Cryo elements in your party.
When this condition is met, you
can't activate your samplers
by gaining Nightsoul energy from your basic attacks. Instead, you get a
30 percent increase to Xilonen's Normal and Plunging attack DMG
. Her attacks during the Nightsoul state are also based on her DEF, which makes perfect use of Gorou's buffs.
Xilonen doesn't perform as well being a basic attack DPS,
which explains Xianyun's presence in this team
to focus on her Plunge attacks.
You can instead use characters like Yun Jin if you want to focus on her normal attacks.
Here's what the rotation for Xilonen's DPS team looks like:
Start by using Gorou's Skill and Burst followed by Zhongli's abilities to
provide all the necessary buffs to Xilonen
.
Now, switch over to Xianyun and use her Skill and Burst to give the Plunge Attack DMG bonus. You'll
need a very high Energy Recharge on Xianyun
for this team to work out well.
Finally, switch over to Xilonen and activate her Nightsoul state
before consistently plunging
with Xianyun's buffs. You'll easily deal over 100,000 damage with each Plunge in this team.
Next
Genshin Impact: All Hidden Teleport Waypoint Locations In Natlan
There are quite a lot of hidden Teleport Waypoints in Natlan, and you'll have to do specific things to unlock them all.
Posts
By
Sanyam Jain
Previous
Best Weapons For Xilonen
All
Genshin Impact: Complete Guide
Next
Best Builds For Gorou
Live-Service Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
24.7%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
20.1%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.7%
007 First Light
007 First Light
8.9%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.7%
Other
Other
22.0%
See Results
Submit
Read Next
Genshin Impact: Complete Guide
Best Weapons For Xilonen
Best Builds For Gorou
Best Weapons For Gorou