Chiori is Genshin Impact's five-star Geo sword user who primarily plays an off-field DPS role, particularly shining in mono Geo teams. Chiori has a split-scaling kit divided between ATK and DEF, so she can be quite challenging to build. Here are all my recommendations on how to build her.
Recommended Videos
Table of Contents
Best weapons for Chiori in Genshin Impact
Best Artifacts & substats for Chiori in Genshin Impact
Chiori's best Artifact substats
Genshin Impact Chiori Talent upgrade priority
Best team for Chiori in Genshin Impact
More Posts from PGG
Best weapons for Chiori in Genshin Impact
Chiori is a sword user with a split-scaling kit, requiring both ATK and DEF to dish out damage against opponents. She performs well with the niche weapon options below, but can alternatively be paired with any DPS sword.
Uraku Misugiri
(best five-star, signature weapon) - offers a huge DEF and Elemental Skill DMG boost through passives, plus bonus Crit DMG from substats. It's her best-in-slot weapon.
Cinnabar Spindle
(best four-star) - offers a significant DEF boost through substats and increases Elemental Skill DMG based on Chiori's DEF. It's an amazing weapon that is highly comparable with Uraku Misugiri, so her signature weapon isn't necessary to maximize her output.
Unfortunately, the Cinnabar Spindle is an event-exclusive weapon that was only available during the
Shadows Amidst Snowstorms
event. If you missed out on it, there's no way to get the weapon anywhere else in the game.
Alternative Weapons
Mistsplitter Reforged
Jade Cutter
Wolf-Fang (Battle Pass)
Light of Foliar Incision
Harbinger of Dawn (best free-to-play three-star)
Haran Geppaku Futsu
Cinnabar Spindle
Best Artifacts & substats for Chiori in Genshin Impact
Four-piece Husk of Opulent Dreams
(best-in-slot) - Offers a massive DEF boost and further increases Chiori's DEF and Geo DMG Bonus through the four-piece passive. The set effect works regardless of whether she's on or off the field, which is perfect for her either-or playstyle.
This Artifact set can be obtained from the Slumbering Court Domain in Seirai Island, Inazuma.
Four-piece Golden Troupe
(best for on-field DPS build) - An alternative Artifact set that offers a huge Elemental Skill DMG bonus. It's a very good pick when using Chiori exclusively as an off-field DPS, as you can benefit from additional DMG bonuses.
This Artifact set can be farmed from the Denouement of Sin Domain in the Belleau Region, Fontaine.
Two-piece Husk of Opunent Dreams + two-piece Golden Troupe
- A decent alternative if all you want are raw substat boosts. You can get a +30% DEF and +20% Elemental Skill DMG bonus by combining any two pieces from each set.
Related:
Chiori’s Special Dish and how to cook it in Genshin Impact – “Fashion Show”
Chiori's best Artifact substats
Chiori scales off both ATK and DEF, but DEF has been proven to provide a higher overall damage boost, so I suggest prioritizing it across main stats, while also aiming for some ATK percent through substats.
In terms of Energy Recharge requirements, aim for 100-150% depending on your team comp. Mono Geo teams will require the lower end of the scale, while you'll want the upper end if Chiori is the sole Geo character in the team. However, I don't recommend using Chiori as a sole Geo character unless you have her C1 unlocked, as she needs a Geo Construct present to enable two summons when using Fluttering Hasode.
Sands
: DEF
Goblet
: Geo DMG Bonus
Circlet
: Crit Rate or Crit DMG
Substats
: DEF, Crit, ATK, and ER only until the required value
Genshin Impact Chiori Talent upgrade priority
When upgrading Chiori's Talents, I recommend doing so in this order of priority:
Elemental Skill:
Fluttering Hasode
Elemental Burst:
Hiyoku: Twin Blades
Normal Attack:
Weaving Blade
Chiori's Normal Attack is extremely low priority, as she's primarily used as a sub-DPS with heavy reliance on her Elemental Skill for damage. I don't suggest wasting resources on it at all unless you plan to give her high on-field uptime.
Related:
All Spirit Carp locations in Genshin Impact (Map)
Best team for Chiori in Genshin Impact
Chiori plays a niche sub-DPS role that involves dealing off-field DPS and buffing the team. Her DPS output mainly comes from her Elemental Skill, which will summon one to two dolls depending on your setup:
If at least one Geo Construct is present, she will summon two dolls.
If there are no Geo Constructs present, she will summon one doll.
Chiori's C1 removes the Geo Construct requirement and will always ensure two dolls are summoned.
Keep the above conditions in mind when building a team. With that said, some of her best comps are as follows:
Mono Geo
- Chiori is especially great in a mono Geo setup, usually consisting of
Arataki Itto
,
Gorou
,
Albedo
, or
Zhongli
. I strongly recommend Zhongli for survivability.
Triple Geo
- Chiori can also be slotted into a team of three Geo characters, with Gorou as a mandatory support and either Arataki Itto or Noelle as a main DPS. This setup allows you one free slot to bring in your favorite character, whoever it may be.
Double Geo
- Chiori's most basic build would be in a double Geo team, where you pair her with any Geo character that can summon a Geo Construct. The last two slots can be filled by any two characters that can synergize.
Navia Support
- Chiori has great sub-DPS compatibility with
Navia
, who will act as the main DPS in this setup. It helps to have another Geo character for a Geo Construct (Zhongli preferred), and you can include a healer or buffer of your choice, such as
Furina
.
For more on Chiori, check out our
Genshin Impact Chiori farming guide – all Talent & Ascension materials
here on Pro Game Guides.
More Posts from PGG