Chiori Best Build: Weapon, Artifacts, Team  - Genshin Impact
By
KoeniginYU
Last updated:
14 March 2024
0
In this post, you can find the information about how to build Chiori best. Even though for the new travelers and experienced players, it is a deep guide to build Chiori.
Chiori Best Build
Contents
Chiori Best Build
Chiori Best Weapon
Chiori Best Artifacts
Chiori Best Team Build
Chiori Best Weapon
For Chiori best performance, the following attributes are essential:
Weapons with high DEF, and then high damage in the team is ideal.
Weapons with high energy recharge, can provide the energy for the Geo team.
Weapon
Details
Festering Desire
2nd choice best four-star weapon for f2p. Increase Elemental Mastery, Crite DMG and Crite Rate.
Obtain: Version 1.2 Event.
Cinnabar Spindle
Best four-star weapon for f2p. Increase Elemental Skill DMG depending on your DEF
Obtain: Version 2.3 Event
Harbinger Of Dawn
Increase Crit DMG
Best 3-star weapon for f2p.
Obtain: Wish.
Favonius Sword
Good weapon for f2p. Increase Energy Recharge.
Obtain: Wish.
Fleuve Cendre Ferryman
Good for F2P.
Increase Energy Recharge
Obtain: Fishing in Fontaine.
Skyward Blade
Good five stars weapon, that gives high energy recharge.
Obtain: Wish, and obtaining difficulty is low.
Uraku Misugiria
Best five stars weapon, that gives high damage.
Obtain: Character Wish, and obtaining difficulty is low.
Chiori Best Artifacts
From zero to six Constellation, Hustk of Opulent Dreams is the best.
If you don't have Hustk of Opulent Dreams, Golden Troupe is also an option.
For Chiori optimal artifact stats, refer to the following guidelines:
Sands:
DEF %
Goblet:
Geo DMG Bonus or DEF
Circlet:
CRIT DMG or DEF
Sub-stats:
CRIT Rate / DMG > DEF > ATK
Name
Details
The Exile
2-Piece:
Energy Recharge +20%
4-Piece
: Using an Elemental Burst regenerates 2 Energy for other party members every 2s for 6s. This effect cannot stack
Obtain
: All small bosses in the open world, such as Fatui, Cicin Mage, Abyss Mage, Ruin Guard, Helichurls, etc.
Defender's Will
2-Piece
: DEF +30%
Obtain
: Hidden Palace of Zhou Formula, Liyue
Gambler
2-Piece
: Increase Elemental skill DMG by 20%
Obtain
: Clear Pool and Mountain Cavern, Liyue
Emblem Of Severed Fate
2-Piece:
Energy Recharge + 20%
4-Piece
: Increases Elemental Burst DMG by 25% of Energy Recharge. A maximum of 75% bonus DMG can be obtained in this way.
Obtain
: Momiji-Dyed Court Domain, Yashiori Island located far West of Inazuma City
Noblesse Oblige
2-Piece:
Elemental Burst DMG +20%
4-Piece
: After using an Elemental Burst, all teammates get +20% ATK.
Obtain
: Clear Pool & Mountain Cavern, Liyue
Husk of Opulent Dreams
2-Piece:
DEF +30%
4-Piece
: On the field, the character gains 1 stack after hitting an opponent with a Geo attack, triggering a maximum of once every 0.3s. When off the field, the character gains 1 stack every 3s. Curiosity can stack up to 4 times, each providing 6% DEF and a 6% Geo DMG Bonus. When 6 seconds pass without gaining a Curiosity stack, 1 stack is lost.
Obtain:
Slumbering Court Domain, Inazuma.
The Best Artifacts on Chiori. Suggest 4 Pieces.
Golden Troupe
2-Piece:
Increases Elemental Skill DMG by 20%.
4-Piece
: Increases Elemental Skill DMG by 25%. Additionally, when not on the field, Elemental Skill DMG will be further increased by 25%. This effect will be cleared 2s after taking the field.
Obtain:
Denouement of Sin
, Fontaine.
The Best Artifacts on Chiori. Suggest 4 Pieces.
Chiori Best Team Build
Chiori's dolls can frequently trigger the targets, resulting in multiple area damage instances. However, those dolls couldn't move like Furina's dolls.
Play Chiori as a Support
If you wanna build Chiori as a support, and spend a long time in the background. This is especially beneficial for C0 Chiori, who can hold the field for a short duration.
Chiori
Zhongli
Furina
Navia
Play Chiori as a DPS
If you wanna build Chiori as a DPS, bringing Gorou to enhance damage is still very effective.  Therefore, Gorou's buffs are mostly inaccessible, only obtaining a 20% defense boost most of the time and a 40% Geo Burst damage boost within a Geo team.
After achieving C1, Chiori becomes a great double Geo teammate, synergizing well with Navia.
Chiori
Zhongli
Gorou
Navia
In the current version, Chiori's skill damage in a zero-piece setup with a Geo Construct is still considerable. Since Chiori's cooldowns are relatively short, she is heavily reliant on Energy, and after the first Burst, she becomes a general Geo DPS in the background.
The damage is quite substantial, and the increase in damage multipliers from her constellations is noticeable.
Ultimately, when Chiori is in C6, the DPS increases nearly twofold compared to a C0 Chiori. Decide whether to pull for Chiori based on your priorities and resources. I can show you
if it is worth pulling Choiri
.
Your turn:
Like, Dislike, comment, or share!
0