Genshin Impact: Hydro Traveler Character Builds (Weapons, Artifacts, Team Comps)
Genshin Impact's Lumine on the left and Aether on the right, with a Hydro effect behind them.
By
Bruno Yonezawa
Published
Aug 18, 2023, 2:29 PM EDT
Bruno Yonezawa is a Gaming Senior Writer for Screen Rant. He's been practicing professional journalism for over 10 years, and is also a communications specialist. He's played games all his life and turned that passionate hobby into a passionate career, in an industry where he's worked as a writer, editor, analyst, and more.
Sign in to your
ScreenRant
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Best Weapons For Hydro Traveler
Best Team Comp For Hydro Traveler
Best Artifacts & Stats For Hydro Traveler
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
To optimize their powers, it is indispensable to pair up the Hydro Traveler in
Genshin Impact
with their best character builds, which include the best weapons, Artifacts, and, of course, solid team comps to help them in battles. The new version of the main character has arrived with Version 4.0, which introduced Fontaine, otherwise known as the Nation of Hydro. Because the Traveler has a hypersensitivity to elements, they resonate with Hydro upon interacting with a Statue of the Seven in Fontaine, unlocking their water-based powers and, thus, allowing the usage of the
Hydro Traveler in
Genshin Impact
.
Unlike the Dendro Traveler’s support and elemental enabler role, the new Hydro form of the main character is focused on dealing damage and is meant to occupy the main DPS role in a team comp. As such, they are competing with characters like Ayato Kamisato, for instance, as both are sword users with Hydro affinity. The Hydro Traveler in
Genshin Impact
has a kit that relies on HP loss for increased damage output, as well as a way of mitigating the HP loss through recovery. When compared to other elemental versions, the Hydro Traveler is among the weakest, but their unique gameplay abilities may be enticing.
Related:
Every New Boss & Enemy In Genshin Impact 4.0
Best Weapons For Hydro Traveler
A close-up on Genshin Impact's male Hydro Traveler, standing in an unknown area in Fontaine.
One of the main issues of the Hydro Traveler’s build in
Genshin Impact
is that they benefit from both HP and ATK stats, so building them can become a little complicated. When looking for the ideal weapon for the character, it is best to prioritize damage output and, if possible consider a sword that helps them with HP. Considering this, the best possible weapon for Hydro Traveler is
Primordial Jade Cutter
, according to
GameWith
. This sword has a suboptimal base ATK stat (542 at level 90) for a 5-star weapon but offers a great CRIT Rate sub-stat (44.1% at level 90).
What makes Primordial Jade Cutter all the more valuable for the hero of Teyvat, however, is its skill. This skill increases the user’s HP by 20% and, in addition, grants an ATK bonus based on 1.2% of the user’s Max HP. Essentially, this means that a Hydro Traveler in
Genshin Impact
with a large HP pool can deal more damage. This is why this is the best weapon for the character: it boosts the damage output via HP increase, which will then benefit the character when they start losing HP because of their Elemental Skill. If this weapon is not available, there is a decent 5-star substitute:
Mistsplitter Reforged
.
Kamisato Ayaka’s signature 5-star sword is one of the best weapons for DPS characters that use swords. It boasts an impressive base ATK stat (674 at level 90), and a great CRIT DMG sub-stat (44.1% at level 90). Its skill has a stacking mechanic that boosts Elemental DMG, which is great for the Hydro Traveler because they rely on their Hydro powers for damage output. Other than these 5-star swords, there are decent 4-star weapons in
Genshin Impact
to use. The table below lists the suggested builds for the Hydro Traveler when they are used as a DPS:
Hydro Traveler's Best Build In Genshin Impact
Weapon
Primordial Jade Cutter (Best 5-Star)
Mistsplitter (Substitute 5-Star)
Wolf-Fang (Best 4-Star)
Key of Khaj-Nisut (5-Star for HP & EM boosts)
Freedom Sworn (5-Star for EM boost)
Xiphos' Moonlight (4-Star for EM boost)
Artifact
Mix two sets
:
Heart of Depth (two pieces)
Gladiator's Finale (two pieces)
Golden Troupe (two pieces)
Emblem of Severed Fate (two pieces)
Stat Priority
ATK
CRIT DMG / CRIT Rate
Hydro DMG
HP
Elemental Mastery
Energy Recharge
Skill Priority
Elemental Skill
Elemental Burst
Normal Attack
As suggested by
GameWith
, the best 4-star weapon for the Hydro Traveler is
Wolf-Fang
. For reference, this is one of the
new weapons in
Genshin Impact
4.0
and is only obtainable through the Battle Pass. These are the weapons that will directly boost the character's capabilities as a main DPS. If the intended strategy is to turn them into a DPS that relies on Elemental Reactions for increased damage output, then it is necessary to equip the Hydro Traveler with weapons that increase Elemental Mastery, such as
Key of Khaj-Nisut
,
Freedom Sworn
or
Xiphos’ Moonlight
.
Key of Khaj-Nisut is the best in this specific category, as it boosts HP via its sub-stat and weapon skill, and boosts Elemental Mastery based on the user’s Max HP when using an Elemental Skill.
Best Team Comp For Hydro Traveler
Raiden Shogun, Nahida, Fischl, and Zhongli stand outside Tenshukaku in Genshin Impact
When it comes to team comps for the Hydro Traveler in
Genshin Impact
, it is necessary to follow the regular team structure to support them as a main DPS. As such, a sub-DPS is necessary. The best ones for the job are heroes capable of dealing off-field damage and triggering Elemental Reactions along with Hydro Traveler’s abilities. Characters like Xiangling, Raiden Shogun, Fischl, and Dehya all do a great job occupying this role. Unfortunately, some of the best sub-DPS in the game, namely Yelan and Xingqiu, may not be useful, as they are Hydro and, therefore, do not react with Hydro Traveler’s abilities.
The next essential role in a team comp for the Hydro Traveler is that of a healer. The best ones for this specific role are Sangonomiya Kokomi and
Barbara in
Genshin Impact
. Both are Hydro healers and by having them on the team the Hydro Resonance will be activated, thus increasing all characters’ Max HP by 25%. This is extremely useful for the Hydro Traveler, as they suffer HP loss with their kit, so having a larger HP pool is essential to keep them safe and operational.
It is not recommended to use Bennett or any other healer unless another Hydro character is chosen for the support role, like Mona.
The table below lists team comp suggestions for the Hydro Traveler:
Hydro Traveler's Best Team Comps In Genshin Impact
Superconduct Team
Hydro Traveler (Main DPS)
Raiden Shogun or Fischl (Electro Sub-DPS)
Nahida or Collei (Dendro Support)
Barbara or Kokomi (Healer & Hydro Resonance)
Burgeon Team
Hydro Traveler (Main DPS)
Xiangling or Dehya (Pyro Sub-DPS)
Nahida or Collei (Dendro Support)
Barbara or Kokomi (Healer & Hydro Resonance)
General Vaporize Team
Hydro Traveler (Main DPS)
Xiangling or Dehya (Pyro Sub-DPS)
Kazuha or Sucrose (Anemo Support + Swirl Trigger)
Barbara or Kokomi (Healer & Hydro Resonance)
The last role is that of a support and secondary sub-DPS. If the goal is building a Dendro team with Bloom-based Elemental Reactions, then this is where the Dendro character will enter. The ideal one for the job is Nahida, as she can provide a great deal of off-field damage and Dendro spread to aid the Hydro Traveler’s team comp. A viable F2P substitute for Nahida is Collei, though she will lack the same amount of damage output. Another option is abandoning Dendro altogether and using other supports, like Kazuha, who can trigger Swirl and gather enemies, or a shielder to further protect the Hydro Traveler as they lose HP.
Best Artifacts & Stats For Hydro Traveler
Genshin Impact's male Traveler uses an ability against a Hydro creature underwater.
Unfortunately, when it comes to the best Artifacts in
Genshin Impact
for the Hydro Traveler, there is not a complete set that seems fit for the character. Instead, the recommendation will be to mix two different sets to obtain two distinct two-piece bonuses rather than two-piece and four-piece bonuses. There are three two-piece Artifact bonuses that can be mixed according to preference. Using two pieces of
Heart of Depth
will grant a 15% Hydro DMG boost, while two pieces of the
Gladiator’s Finale
set increase ATK by 18%. Mixing these two is the best way of maximizing Hydro Traveler’s potential as a main DPS.
Alternatively, it is also possible to switch out one of the aforementioned two-piece bonuses for two pieces of the new
Golden Troupe
Artifacts in
Genshin Impact
, which will increase Elemental Skill DMG by 20%. Considering Hydro Traveler’s main source of damage stems from their Skill, this is also a good choice.
GameWith
also recommends the two-piece bonus from the
Emblem of Severed Fate
set for a 20% increase to Energy Recharge in case the goal is giving Hydro Traveler a more supporting role. The final choice is up to the player.
The stats to look out for when farming any of the Artifact sets for Hydro Traveler are those of main DPS: ATK, a 2:1 CRIT DMG / CRIT Rate distribution, and Hydro DMG. As their build also relies on having a larger HP pool, HP is another important stat – but for damage purposes, ATK is still much better. A few sub-stats to consider are also Elemental Mastery and Energy Recharge. Hydro Traveler may be a bit difficult to build, and their final result may not be as satisfying as other characters in the game, but this is the best way of optimizing them in
Genshin Impact
.
Source:
GameWith
Gaming
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Trending Now
15 Best Enemies To Lovers Manhwa
12 Years Later, Naruto Shippuden's Worst Arc Of All Time Proves Fans Have Been Sleeping On Boruto
Netflix's 3-Part Sci-Fi Series That's Designed To Be Binged Is One Of Its Best Space Shows