Trending
Daredevil: Born Again Season 2
Crimson Desert
Invincible Season 4
Twitch
Seven Deadly Sins: Origin
Gaming
Genshin Impact
Best Klee Genshin Impact build: Artifacts, weapons, more
by
Meg Bethany Koepp
Published:
Feb 07, 2024, 17:28
Save for later
Save for later
miHoYo
Get Notifications for Gaming News
Klee is one of Genshin Impact’s cutest characters. However, don’t let the exterior fool you — the Spark Knight is a master of all things explosive and a great Pyro DPS to have on your side. We’ve got the ultimate Klee guide here, including her best build, artifacts, weapons, and more.
The pint-sized Spark Knight is one of the more popular characters in Genshin Impact for DPS, as her bombs pack a powerful punch. Her explosives are wild, sending enemies flying.
Article continues after ad
If you’ve only just got your hands on Klee, or if you’ve had her in your team since her launch early on in the game’s lifecycle, we’ve got the guide to help you get the most out of her.
Read on to find out the best Klee builds in Genshin Impact, including the top artifacts and weapons you want to grind for.
Contents
Klee abilities
Klee constellations
Best Klee artifacts
Best Klee weapons
Klee Talent Level-Up and Ascension materials
Klee trailer
Best Klee team comp
HoYoverse
Klee may be small, but she’s mighty.
Klee’s abilities in Genshin Impact
Normal Attack: Kaboom!
Normal Attack:
Perform up to three explosive attacks, dealing AoE Pyro damage.
Charged Attack:
Deals AoE Pyro damage to enemies. Has a short casting time and consumes some Stamina.
Plunging Attack:
From mid-air, Klee plummets towards the ground like a fireball. Deals AoE Pyro damage upon impact.
An additional note to Klee’s basic attacks — she can get an Explosive Spark from her Normal Attacks, which empower her next Charged Attack. Look out for the glowing flower to make the most of this big DPS boost, and try to animation cancel the long cast time by jumping or dashing.
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
Elemental Skill: Jumpy Dumpty
Klee throws one of her Jumpy Dumpty bombs. When thrown, it bounces three times, dealing AoE Pyro damage on every bounce. After the third jump, it splits into eight mines, each causing damage upon impact with an enemy.
It also has two charges, so you can pocket them for huge amounts of splash damage at once.
Elemental Burst: Sparks ‘n’ Splash
Klee’s Elemental Burst continuously summons fiery laser beams across 10 seconds to cause devastating AoE Pyro damage to opponents.
Related
Best Sparxie Honkai Star Rail build: Team, Light Cones, Eidolons, and Abilities
Best Yao Guang Honkai Star Rail build: Team, Light Cones, Eidolons, and Abilities
Best Borderlands 4 Harlowe build
Article continues after ad
However, Sparks ‘n’ Splash will only do damage while Klee is on the field, so it is key to set up your Elemental reactions beforehand with allies before swapping over to the Pyro carry.
MiHoYo
Maximizing Klee’s damage is important because she’s one of the best DPS characters in the game.
Klee constellations
Lucky enough to find multiple copies of Klee? Check out the bonus constellation buffs you can get below:
Level 1 — Chained Reactions:
Attacks and Skills have a certain chance to summon sparks that bombard opponents, dealing DMG equal to 120% of Sparks ‘n’ Splash’s DMG.
Level 2– Explosive Frags:
Being hit by Jumpy Dumpty’s mines decreases opponents’ DEF by 23% for 10s.
Level 3 — Exquisite Compound:
Increases the Level of Jumpy Dumpty by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4 — Sparkly Explosion:
If Klee leaves the field during the duration of Sparks ‘n’ Splash, her departure triggers an explosion that deals 555% of her ATK as AoE Pyro DMG.
Level 5 — Nova Burst:
Increases the Level of Sparks ‘n’ Splash by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6 — Blazing Delight:
While under the effects of Sparks ‘n’ Splash, Klee will regenerate 3 Energy for all members of the party (excluding Klee) every 3s. When Sparks ‘n’ Splash is used, all party members will gain a 10% Pyro DMG Bonus for 25s.
Best Klee Artifacts in Genshin Impact
Of course, as a Main DPS, Klee loves any artifact that gives her bonus damage in Genshin Impact. Much like the other element-specific damage artifacts,
Crimson Witch of Flames
is the go-to set for her, boosting her Pyro damage significantly — and synergizes well with her Jumpy Dumpty bombs.
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
If you need to pad out her artifacts, these are great options in 4-Piece Sets. Just aim to find artifacts with ATK%, CRIT Rate, and DMG, as well as Pyro DMG substats.
Artifact
Details
Crimson Witch of Flames
2-Piece Bonus:
Pyro DMG Bonus +15%.
4-Piece Bonus:
Increases Overloaded and Burning DMG by 40%. Increases Vaporize and Melt DMG by 15%. Using an Elemental Skill increases 2-Piece Set effects by 50% for 10s. Max 3 stacks.
Gladiator’s Finale
2-Piece Bonus:
ATK +18%.
4-Piece Bonus:
If the wielder of this artifact set uses a Sword, Claymore or Polearm, increases their Normal Attack DMG by 35%.
Best Klee weapons in Genshin Impact
As far as weapons go for Klee,
Lost Prayer to the Sacred Winds
is by far her best option. The five-star Catalyst gives her more movement speed — great for dodging attacks as she is quite vulnerable — and she also gains an Elemental DMG bonus the longer she remains in combat.
Article continues after ad
If you need a budget pick,
Dodoco Tales
is a weapon made for Klee. Named after her companion attached to her backpack, the four-star Catalyst increases her Charged Attack damage.
One of these two weapons is the way to go for Klee in terms of catalysts, but there are some other options if you’re struggling:
Weapon
Details
Lost Prayer to the Sacred Winds
Increases Movement SPD by 10%. When in battle, gain an 8% Elemental DMG Bonus every 4s. Max 4 stacks. Lasts until the character falls or leaves combat.
Dodoco Tales
Normal Attack hits on opponents increase Charged Attack DMG by 16% for 6s. Charged Attack hits on opponents increase ATK by 8% for 6s.
The Widsith
When a character takes the field, they will gain a random theme song for 10s. This can only occur once every 30s.
Recitative:
ATK is increased by 60%.
Aria:
Increases all Elemental DMG by 48%.
Interlude:
Elemental Mastery is increased by 240.
Klee Talent Level-Up and Ascension materials
Being one of the first characters added to Genshin Impact, all of Klee’s Talent Level-Up and Ascension materials can be found around Mondstadt and Liyue.
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
Everflame Seeds drop while farming Pyro Regisvines in Liyue, and Philanemo Mushrooms spawn around Mondstadt Castle and Springvale. You can pretty easily find Agnidus Agate and Scrolls anywhere in the world, though, through boss fights or taking down Samachurls.
Klee Talent Level-Up Materials
Talent Level-Up Materials
Talent Level-Up Materials
Teachings of Freedom x9
Guide to Freedom x63
Philosophies of Freedom x114
Common Ascension Materials
Divining Scroll x18
Sealed Scroll x66
Forbidden Curse Scroll x93
Weekly Boss Materials
Ring of Boreas x18
Klee Ascension materials
Ascension Level
Mora Cost
Materials
1
20,000
Agnidus Agate Sliver x1
–
Philanemo Mushroom x3
Divining Scroll x3
2
40,000
Agnidus Agate Fragment x3
Everflame Seed x2
Philanemo Mushroom x10
Divining Scroll x15
3
60,000
Agnidus Agate Fragment x6
Everflame Seed x4
Philanemo Mushroom x20
Sealed Scroll x12
4
80,000
Agnidus Agate Chunk x3
Everflame Seed x8
Philanemo Mushroom x30
Sealed Scroll x18
5
100,000
Agnidus Agate Chunk x6
Everflame Seed
x12
Philanemo Mushroom x45
Forbidden Curse Scroll x12
6
120,000
Agnidus Agate Gemstone x6
Everflame Seed
x20
Philanemo Mushroom x60
Forbidden Curse Scroll x24
Klee Genshin Impact trailer
Klee’s trailer,
named Jumpy Dumpty after her ability
, explores the young Knight’s story and gives a glimpse of her abilities in action.
The daughter of one of Mondstadt’s most accomplished adventurers, Alice, Klee takes a lot from her mother. Left in the care of the Knights of Favonius while she journeys across Teyvat, Klee often gets up to mischief with her big explosions, much to Jean’s dismay.
Article continues after ad
Best Klee team comp
HoYoverse
Pair Klee with Pyro powerhouse Bennett for insane damage.
As Klee works best as a Main DPS (although with enough Constellations, you can make her work as a Sub DPS), you want to support her with plenty of sidekicks ready to provide Elemental support.
Bennett
is a great ally to have — and probably the best, all being considered — giving Pyro Elemental Resonance as well as a healthy dash of healing.
Article continues after ad
However, to help make her bombs really tick, characters like
Venti
and
Sucrose
, helping to bring enemies together with Anemo, are super powerful.
Xingqiu
and
Diona
are also great picks. The former is a great Sub DPS that can help apply Vaporize, while Diona can help apply Melt with her Burst.
Article continues after ad
If you have the units to splash, though,
Zhongli
,
Mona
, and
Kazuha
are all great options.
Klee is a great DPS to build a team around with an easy-to-use kit, meaning you don’t have to worry too much about rotating characters in or out — just let her drop all of her bombs and watch the chaos unfold.
If you’re looking for more great Genshin Impact builds to round out your team, check out our list below.
Article continues after ad
Best Albedo Build
|
Best Aloy build
|
Best Ayaka build
|
Best Childe Build
|
Best Diluc build
|
Best Eula build
|
Best Ganyu build
|
Best Hu Tao build
|
Best Itto build
|
Best Kazuha build
|
Best Kokomi build
|
Best Raiden Shogun build
|
Best Shenhe build
|
Best Yoimiya build
|
Best Yun Jin build
Article continues after ad
More
Genshin Impact
News
Add as a preferred source on Google
Follow on Google News
Featured Articles
Call of Duty
Warzone Season 3 patch notes: Verdansk returns, Grappling Hook added & Iron Gauntlet revamp
Pokemon
Best Great League team in Pokemon Go season 26
Food
FDA issues massive chocolate recall due to “life-threatening” amounts of Viagra
Gaming
Everything coming to Elder Scrolls Online in 2026: Naval Combat & Night Market explained
Roblox
You vs Homer codes (March 2026)
Sign up to Dexerto
For The latest News, Views & Reviews
Better Reading Experience
|
Save Your Favourite Items
Sign up