Genshin Impact: Klee Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
By
Christina Roffe
Published
Oct 31, 2022, 5:55 PM EDT
Christina Roffe is a Guides Specialist from the United States. She has experience writing on games ranging from Nintendo titles to PlayStation titles. She is especially knowledgeable in anything Nintendo and Genshin Impact. Building new characters in Genshin Impact is one of her favorite things to do.
Sign in to your
DualShockers
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Klee Best Builds & Artifact Sets
Klee's Best 5-Star And 4-Star Weapons
Klee's Best Teams
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Klee is a young, pyro-loving character in
Genshin Impact
that is known as the Spark Knight due to the fact that she seems to enjoy setting things on fire. She is under the care of the Knights of Favonious, and is often found avoiding punishment from Jean.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Ganyu Best Builds, Weapons & Teams
Klee is a 5-Star Pyro character that is great for dealing a large amount of Pyro DMG and applying Pyro to enemies to create strong Elemental Reactions. If you are wanting to add this cute pyromaniac to your team, here's how you can build her.
Klee Best Builds & Artifact Sets
Klee's strength lies in the role of the Main DPS due to her high base Pyro DMG and ATK
. Since her Elemental Burst can only stay in effect when she is on-field, it is best to focus on building up her Pyro DMG to make this attack as strong as possible. Here is how you should build Klee's artifacts to increase the strength of her Elemental Burst.
4-Set Of Crimson Witch Of Flames
A 2-Set of Crimson Witch of Flames will give Klee a Pyro DMG Bonus of 15 percent. A 4-Set will increase Overloaded, Burning, and Burgeon DMG by 40 percent, and Vaporize and Melt by 15 percent. Also, when you use an Elemental Skill, the 2-Set Bonus will increase by 50 percent for 10 seconds with a maximum of 3 stacks.
This Artifact Set is perfect for any Main DPS Pyro character, especially for Klee in order to improve her Elemental Reactions, Elemental Skill, and Elemental Burst.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Mona Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
We have listed some of the Main Stats and Substats you should look for when
building your artifacts
for Klee.
Type of Artifact
Main Stats
Substats
Sands of Eon
ATK%
CRIT DMG, CRIT Rate, ATK%, Elemental Mastery
Goblet of Eonothem
Pyro DMG Bonus
CRIT DMG, CRIT Rate, ATK%, Elemental Mastery
Circlet of Logos
CRIT DMG or CRIT Rate
CRIT DMG, CRIT Rate, ATK%, Elemental Mastery
Using these Main Stats and Substats will help to improve Klee's overall DMG with her Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst, as well as her Normal Attacks. Elemental Mastery will also help to improve her Elemental Reactions, which already have a DMG boost due to the 4-Set of the Crimson Witch of Flames.
Klee's Best 5-Star And 4-Star Weapons
Finding the right weapon for Klee is a relatively easy task as there are a lot of great options available for her. Some of her best weapons will focus on improving her CRIT DMG and improving the strength of her Elemental Reactions and attacks. Below, you'll find Klee's best 5-Star and 4-Star weapons.
5-Star Weapons: Skyward Atlas And Kagura's Verity
Skyward Atlas will give Klee a base boost to ATK by 7.2 percent. The Bonus Skill for this weapon includes an increase to Elemental DMG by 12 percent, and Normal attacks have a 50 percent chance to actively seek out nearby enemies to attack for 15 seconds with a 160 percent ATK DMG. This effect can only occur once every 30 seconds.
This weapon will greatly increase Klee's Elemental DMG, so you can create strong Elemental Reactions with other characters
. It will also help to increase the DMG of Klee's Normal and Charged Attacks, which can create multiple explosions and keep enemies affected by Pyro.
Kagura's Verity will give Klee a base bonus to CRIT DMG by 14.4 percent. Its Bonus Skill will give the weapon the Kagura Dance effect when using an Elemental Skill, which will increase the Elemental Skill DMG by 12 percent for 16 seconds, with a maximum of 3 stacks. When the user collects 3 stacks, they will gain a 12 percent increase to all Elemental DMG Bonuses.
This weapon is great for focusing solely on Klee's Elemental Skill and Burst, and increase her CRIT DMG to make these attacks stronger.
4-Star Weapons: The Widsith And Solar Pearl
The Widsith is a great 4-Star alternative to Kagura's Verity
. It will give Klee a bonus to CRIT DMG by 12 percent. The Bonus Skill for this weapon will give the user a random theme song while on the field for 10 seconds. The songs include: Recitative, where ATK is increased by 60 percent; Aria, where Elemental DMG is increased by 48 percent; and Interlude, where Elemental Mastery is increased by 240. This weapon covers all the bases needed for improving Klee's strength with her Attacks as well as her Elemental Reactions.
This weapon will allow her to stay on-field for the majority of the battle and still deal significant DMG, especially when mixed with other elements.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Yelan Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Solar Pearl will give a base increase to CRIT Rate by 6 percent. This weapon's Bonus Skill will give an increase to Elemental Skill and Burst DMG by 20 percent for 6 seconds when a Normal Attack hits. Elemental Skill and Burst hits will increase Normal Attack DMG by 20 percent for 6 seconds. This is a great all-around weapon for Klee, improving her Elemental Attacks as well as her Normal Attacks.
Free-To-Play Weapon: Mappa Mare
The best weapon for Klee that can be crafted is the Mappa Mare. It will give Klee an increase to her Elemental Mastery by a base amount of 36. The Bonus Skill for Mappa Mare will give an 8 percent increase to Elemental DMG Bonus for 10 seconds when an Elemental Reaction is triggered. This can be stacked for a maximum of 2 times.
Use this weapon to save a bit on Primogems, as well as to improve Klee's Elemental Reactions and make the most of her Pyro DMG.
Klee's Best Teams
Klee is best with teams that focus on creating as
many Elemental Reactions
as possible. Having a mixture of Elements in her teams can be highly beneficial to increasing her Pyro DMG. Here are the best teams you can build for Klee.
Best 5-Star Team
This team focuses heavily on creating Elemental Reactions with Klee's Pyro Attacks. You can use these characters to apply multiple Elements on-field to mix with Klee's Pyro,
especially with Kazuha's Swirl which will increase the overall DMG of Klee's attacks.
Character
Character Type and Benefits
Kazuha
Sub-DPS, Can provide Anemo DMG and use Swirl to increase Elemental DMG
Ganyu
Sub-DPS, Can provide massive Cryo DMG and create Melt Reaction
Kokomi
Healer and Support, Can provide consistent healing and Hydro application
Best 4-Star Team
Similar to the 5-Star team, this team will create a lot of Elemental Reactions. It also will create Pyro Resonance due to having 2 Pyro characters in the team.
Character
Character Type and Benefits
Xiangling
Sub-DPS, Can provide consistent off-field Pyro DMG with Elemental Burst
Diona
Healer and Support, Can provide healing and shields, and Cryo DMG for Melt Reaction
Xingqiu
Sub-DPS, Can provide consistent off-field Hydro DMG
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: Current & Upcoming Banners
Video Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Whose Section Did You Enjoy Playing The Most In Resident Evil Requiem?
Grace
Grace
100.0%
Leon
Leon
0.0%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
10 LEGO Games That Made Even Serious Gamers Laugh Out Loud
10 Games to Play if You Love Starsand Island
10 Slay the Spire 2 Cards That Completely Break the Game in the Best Way