Genshin Impact: Best Team Members For Klee
By
William Quick
Published
Apr 27, 2022, 9:45 AM EDT
Will Quick is a game player, journalist, and content creator currently living in Spain. He's spent a lot of time working as a video editor and graphic designer for sites like Guide Fall and plans to continue his efforts for TheGamer. When he's not playing or writing, he's drawing comics and making puns.
I've been writing about games and pop culture for over 5 years now with a focus on indie games. Since I started, I've had the opportunity to learn a lot about the industry, conduct research investigations, and most important, interview developers of all sorts. TheGamer is a great platform for me to share my thoughts and ideas while getting a chance to read the writings of others which broaden my perspective.
If I had to pick an expertise, I'd say it would be the diversity and development of independent games. In many ways, access to software like Unreal Engine and Unity has made indie development much more viable with pre-packaged tools like RPG Maker highlighting the creativity of a lot of folks. That being said, there will likely be a huge shift in indie development with Unity's new download fee that will go into effect at the start of 2024. In response, some dev teams will be taking their titles off the market to avoid this fee.
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Who Is Klee?
The Best Team For Klee
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Whether stories take place in a sci-fi, fantasy, or modern setting, there are always two major opposing forces. They take various names but draw from either being on the side of creating or destroying. The
Genshin Impact
universe is vast with so much vibrant life and energy, but there are plenty of forces aiming to disrupt and destroy it.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Pro Tips For Playing As Klee
However, there are those blessed with control over destructive powers who are able to wield them with care and precision. This applies to the Pyro elemental which can be dangerous if not handled properly by magic users like the young character Klee.
Who Is Klee?
Even though
Klee is a Pyro-user wielding a catalyst
, she also has destruction in her background. She's the child of a person named Alice, an adventurer with a reputation for causing chaos wherever she chooses to explore. In a case of like mother, like daughter, Klee also
has destructive tendencies
, despite her child-like innocence.
This proves to be quite troublesome for the Knights Of Favonius who have agreed to take her in and train her. Being a DPS, all of her abilities are tailored towards damage
with an explosive angle that makes for more AoE attacks and splash effects
.
The Best Team For Klee
Klee is a very explosive attacker, literally. Her
Jumpty Dumpty
lets her bounce and explode with each landing while her
Sparks 'n' Splash
will continuously deal AoE damage to nearby enemies. Since this gives Klee a lot of influence over the field, having teammates that can benefit from that is wise. Here are the best options.
Venti
Since AoE attacks are Klee's specialty, it would be a good idea to have a way to get groups of enemies in one place. Enter
Venti
, this happy bard is
an Anemo-user who plays from afar with his bow
. With his tunes, this companion is able to launch enemies around or pull them to a point.
By using
Skyward Sonnet
, Venti can deal damage while sending enemies high into the air and his
Wind's Gran Ode
creates a suction that pulls multiple enemies into its center. With this crowd control, Klee can use her blasts more effectively.
Barbara
With such an emphasis on exploding, Klee is bound to get a few scrapes here and there. When that does happen, you'll want
the support of the catalyst-wielding Hydro-user
Barbara
. Although she's able to use attacks that affect multiple enemies, Barbara's skills are made to heal and recover Klee and her teammates.
Let The Show Begin
covers enemies in water that will heal your team when they get attacked while
Shining Miracle
is a straightforward mass-healing ability.
Chongyun
Although fire and ice continue to be at odds, they make for a natural balance. To Klee's Pyro, you should consider
Chongyun's
claymore and Cryo powers
. Much like Klee, Chongyun is able to dish out lots of damage in an AoE range.
His
Layered Frost
ability summons ice swords that strike around the field send enemies into the air and can be combined with his
Steady Breathing
so that the party gains an attack speed boost. This makes for a devastating and efficient AoE DPS partnership.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: Klee Ascension Materials And Talents
Gaming Guides
Live-Service Games
Triple-A Games
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
26.3%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
19.7%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.0%
007 First Light
007 First Light
9.2%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.7%
Other
Other
21.1%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Nintendo Has Become The Master Of Announcing Things On Random Tuesdays
Ahead Of Free Update, Fatal Fury: City Of The Wolves Gets Permanent Price Cut
Saros Review - If At First You Don't Succeed, Die, Die Again