Klee is one of Genshin’s newest 5* characters, and she’s certainly made an explosive entrance. Getting the most out of this cute but alarming pyromaniac takes building her right though.
Fortunately, we can help out.
Genshin Impact Klee guide
Weapons
Your question with Klee’s Catalyst is “will it help me blow things up better?” If the answer is yes, you’ve got a winner. Here are a few particularly explosive options:
Lost Prayer to the Sacred Wind
(Picture: miHoYo)
For all your mad bomber needs. Crit rate is a massive blessing, as is the move speed on this Catalyst. Alongside that, the stacking damage from Boundless Blessing turns Klee into a one-girl wrecking machine. Set her up with your supports, then switch Klee in to run rampant until everyone is dead.
The Widsith
(Picture: miHoYo)
Another good option for Klee. Crit DMG is nice, and she can happily use and abuse all of Debut’s varied buffs. The buffs are stronger than from Lost Prayer, but are only active for 10s, so with this option, you’re often best having other characters you’re willing to switch to fairly regularly to get the most efficiency out of this weapon.
In other words, a trade-off between a very burst-heavy window and consistent, ramping damage.
Mappa Mare
(Picture: miHoYo)
A forgeable option, and therefore much more readily attainable than many other Catalysts. Elemental Mastery sets up Klee to do a lot of work with Pyro reactions, and Infusion Scroll similarly rewards pushing for those tasty Elemental Reactions.
Mappa Mare offers slightly less consistent damage than either of the previous options but does set up for very tasty reactions.
Similarly, both
Magic Guide
and
Solar Pearl
make for good options on Klee as well if you haven’t rolled well.
Artifacts
Why couldn’t it be a Pyro DMG Goblet? (Picture: miHoYo)
The most obvious option is a full
4-piece Crimson Witch of Flames
. Increased Pyro DMG and massively amped Elemental Reaction DMG (particularly Overloaded) is just… good on Klee who loves the added DPS and can happily proc. any and all Pyro reactions at will in AoE.
Tends to work better when Klee has a weapon where you’re happy to switch her out to set up for more reactions, or conversely a team who can set up reactions while they’re off the field (
Fischl
with Oz, for example).
You can also run
2-Piece Crimson Witch of Flames
with
2-Piece Gladiator’s Finale
for more consistent DPS, as a full set of Crimson Witch can lead to diminishing returns, even if said set has a lot of versatility. A
2-piece Berserker
is also a good choice to replace Gladiator’s if you need the Crit Rate.
Read more:
Genshin Impact Lisa guide: weapons, artifacts, and more
If you do want to run Klee as Pyro set up and for her Elemental Burst,
Instructor
can set you up well for Energy Recharge and
Noblesse Oblige
is the premier Burst buff artifact set.
A full
4-piece Wanderer’s Troupe
also has to be in consideration for its buffed Elemental Mastery (read: Pyro reaction amp) and its amped Charged ATK DMG, which Klee does like to spam.
Artifact Stats
Klee is a Crit carry – especially with how her charge auto-attacks benefit from it – but even then, you want to make sure you’ve picked up some Pyro DMG first. Here’s what you’re main stats ought to be:
Main Stats
Crit Rate Circlet
Pyro DMG Goblet
ATK% Hourglass
Sub Stats
Pyro DMG
Crit Rate ( 50~%+)
Crit DMG
ATK
Energy Recharge
If you are focusing more on a burst, reaction heavy build you’ll want to put more priority on
Energy Recharge
followed by
Elemental Mastery
.
(Picture: miHoYo)
Play Patterns
It’s generally pretty simple: spam out your Elemental Skill and Burst to maximise your AoE threat, then use normal auto attacks – until you get a Crit.
Getting a Crit gives Klee an Explosive Spark, thanks to her skill Pounding Surprise. That Explosive Spark not only removes the stamina cost of your next charged auto but also amps the damage by
50%
which is incredible AoE damage.
That skill alone is why good Crit Rate on Klee is so paramount. You’re generally looking to control the battlefield with your minefields and floating lasers, while you cycle autos to get another Explosive Spark.
(Picture: miHoYo)
Don’t feel you have to wait for an Explosive Spark of course, especially if enemies are nicely grouped together. Remember as well though, that the range discrepancy between normal and charged autos attacks can be a little unforgiving, so be advised.
Good team comps for Klee generally involve an Anemo user to both spread Pyro via swirl, and their ability to group enemies together to maximise Klee’s AoE output (
Venti
,
Jean
or
Sucrose
are all great for this, but the
Anemo Traveller
does in pinch).
On top of that, you then want to try and pick up one or more of Hydro for Vaporise, Cryo for Melt, and Electro for Overload. They’re all some of the highest damage Elemental Reactions in Genshin, so grabbing a hold of the likes of
Mona,
Fischl
or
Qiqi
is a must.
Read more:
Genshin Impact Fischl guide: weapons, artifacts, and more
You can also run another Pyro user (
Xiangling
and
Bennet
are normally two of the premier choices) for the Pyro Elemental Resonance, which increases attack DMG, but it does mean passing on other reactions which can often be for more explosive.
Speaking of explosive, you’re good to take Klee out into the wilds of Teyvat. Just… remember where you put those bombs, eh?