Task Search
Checklists
Guides
Markers
Videos
Sort and Filter
No Results
Checklists
New Checklist
All Lists
My Checklists
All
All Lists
My Checklists
How creative can you get with your first free checklist?
Create a free account
All Interactive Maps and Locations
Klee Guide - Best Builds and Tips
By
Cedric Pabriga
,
Jen Rothery
,
Triforce
,
+30 more
Updated
:
Jun 30, 2023 5:35pm UTC
This page is part of IGN's Genshin Impact Wiki guide and details everything you need to know about Klee, which includes a full character overview, how to obtain Klee, combat details, talents, and skill upgrade priorities, a recommended character build, and much more.
Klee is a problem child. She’s no bully, but no amount of telling off can get her to change her ways. She’s hyperactive, fast, and armed to the teeth with explosives and a little too much gunpowder knowledge. If she’s not in solitary confinement for causing some kind of destructive event with her pyromaniac nature, she’s about to cause another.
Want to skip to a specific section? Click on one of these links!
Klee Character Overview
How to Get Klee
Combat Details
Klee's Talents and Skill Priorities
Klee's Constellations
Best Klee Character Builds
Best Weapons for Klee
Best Artifacts for Klee
Klee Character Overview
Beyond
Jean
,
Diluc
, and
Kaeya
, Klee is seen as one of the strongest of the Knights of Favonius, where she holds the title of Spark Knight. She's a free-spirited character similar to her mother, Alice. This means that sometimes she goes a little too much and has to be reprimanded by
Jean
.
How to Get Klee
Klee is a 5-star character who debuted on her own character banner called: Sparkling Steps.
Combat Details
Klee’s main focus is rapid and powerful Pyro blasts. Virtually every attack she performs involves some kind of explosive device, from her fast-firing Kaboom! bombs or her beloved Jumpy Dumpty cluster grenade.
Once charged, her Elemental Burst enables automatic explosions to follow in her wake as Klee’s “Blazing Delight” is brought in to snipe nearby enemies for even more explosively good fun. She even explodes before she switches out of combat, just to be sure.
Klee's Talents and Skill Priorities
Klee is a BOMB of a damage dealer. Heh, get it? Anyway, what she does is basically make everything around her explode in flying colors or just explode in general. That being said, her skill priorities are:
Elemental Burst and Normal Attack
Elemental Skill
Type
Name
Effect
Normal Attack
Kaboom!
Tap: 3-hit ranged attack dealing Pyro AoE DMG
Hold: AoE Pyro DMG
Plunge: AoE Pyro DMG
Elemental Skill
Jumpy Dumpty
Throws Jumpy Dumpty, which then bounces up to three times, dealing AoE DMG with each landing. On the third bounce, leaves mines behind that explode for AoE Pyro DMG when touched or expire. This skill has two charges.
Elemental Burst
Sparks 'n' Splash
While active, Sparks 'n' Splash deals continuous AoE Pyro DMG to nearby enemies.
First Ascension Passive
Pounding Surprise
When Klee's Normal Attacks and Elemental Skills deal damage, she has a 50% chance to obtain an Explosive Spark, which is then consumed by her next Charged Attack, costing no Stamina and dealing 50% increased DMG.
Fourth Ascension Passive
Sparkling Burst
When Klee's Charged Attack lands a CRIT, all party members gain 2 Elemental Energy.
Passive Talent
All Of My Treasures!
Mondstadt specialties are displayed on the mini-map.
Klee's Constellations
Klee just becomes more and more of a recipe for disaster for her adversaries as she gets her constellations. Ones to keep an eye out for are C1, C2, C4, and C6.
Constellation Name
In-Game Description
Chained Reactions (C1)
Attacks and Skills have a certain chance to summon sparks that bombard enemies, dealing DMG equal to 120% of Sparks 'n' Splash's DMG.
Explosive Frags (C2)
Being hit by Jumpy Dumpty's mines decrease enemy DEF by 23% for 10s.
Exquisite Compound (C3)
Increases the level of Jumpy Dumpty by 3.
Sparkly Explosion (C4)
If Klee leaves the field during the duration of Sparks 'n' Splash, her departure triggers an explosion that deals 555% of her ATK as AoE Pyro DMG.
Nova Burst (C5)
Increases the level of Sparks 'n' Splash by 3.
Blazing Delight (C6)
While under the effects of Sparks 'n' Splash, other members of the party continuously regenerate Energy and gain 10% Pyro DMG Bonus for 25s.
Best Klee Character Builds
Klee likes to fish... with her bombs. That's called dynamite fishing or blast fishing, which can definitely get you arrested in the majority of countries. This might also be the reason
Jean
always keeps an eye on her just to make sure she doesn't destroy the whole fish ecosystem around her.
Anyway, enough of that. Klee's bombs aren't just for fish. They're meant to cause havoc on the battlefield and make it a living hell for anyone who stands in her way, and what better way to do that than with proper weapons and artifacts?
Best Weapons for Klee
Klee uses catalysts as her weapon and she has quite a few choices. Here are some of them:
Weapon Name
In-Game Description
Skyward Atlas
Increases Elemental DMG Bonus by 12%. Normal Attack hits have a 50% chance to earn the favor of the clouds. which actively seek out nearby opponents to attack for 15s, dealing 160% ATK DMG. Can only occur once every 30s.
The Widsith
When a character takes the field, they will gain a random theme song for 10s. This can only occur once every 30s.
Recitative:
ATK is increased by 60%.
Aria:
Increases all Elemental DMG by 48%.
Interlude:
Elemental Mastery is increased by 240.
Solar Pearl
Normal Attack hits increase Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst DMG by 20% for 6s. Likewise, Elemental Skill or Elemental Burst hits increase Normal Attack DMG by 20% for 6s.
Eye of Perception
Normal and Charged Attacks have a 50% chance to fire a Bolt of Perception, dealing 240% ATK as DMG. This bolt can bounce between opponents a maximum of 4 times. This effect can occur once every 12s.
Best Artifacts for Klee
The best artifact for Klee would depend on your team composition. The generalist build for Klee would be 2 piece Crimson Witch of Flames and 2 piece Gladiator's Finale. However, if you have Klee in a team composition that deals the majority of its damage from elemental reaction, the 4-piece Crimson Witch of Flames would be better.
For main
stats
look out for Elemental Mastery/ATK Sands, Pyro DMG% Goblet, Crit Rate/Crit Damage Circlet depending on your crit. Go for the Elemental Mastery main stat if the majority of your damage comes from elemental reactions.
Artifact Name
In-Game Description
Crimson Witch of Flames
2-piece effect: Pyro DMG Bonus +15%
4-piece effect: Increases Overloaded and Burning DMG by 40%. Increases Vaporize and Melt DMG by 15%. Using an Elemental Skill increases the 2-Piece Set Bonus by 50% of its starting value for 10s. Max 3 stacks.
Gladiator's Finale
2-piece effect: ATK +18%.
4-piece effect: If the wielder of this artifact set uses a Sword, Claymore or Polearm, increases their Normal Attack DMG by 35%.
Don't forget to check out our
Characters
page, where you'll find a full list of
every character in Genshin Impact
, along with details regarding their combat
stats
, recommended builds, and even more.
Up Next:
Klee Ascension Materials
Previous
Genshin Impact Kirara Ascension Materials
Next
Klee Ascension Materials
Top Guide Sections
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna IV Release Time and Details
Genshin Impact Luna III Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna II Release Date and Details
Was this guide helpful?
Leave feedback
In This Guide
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Initial Release:
Sep 27, 2020
+2
Learn more
Go to comments