Genshin Impact 2.4: Best Zhongli Team Comp For DPS And Support
Muhammad Kumar
-
Jan 05, 2022
|
Mobile Games
Being an Archon, Zhongli is one of the most powerful characters ever released in Genshin Impact. Here's how to build teams around him.
Genshin Impact: Best Albedo Team Comps For DPS And Support
5 Reasons Players Should Get Shenhe In Genshin Impact 2.4
Genshin Impact: Best Yoimiya Team Comp For High DPS
Zhongli is a 5-star Geo Polearm character
in Genshin Impact. His elemental skill is highly versatile - it provides a shield to teammates and reduces enemies' elemental and physical resistance. This allows Zhongli to be a great support character and viable in different teams. However, he can definitely deal damage with his great stats and scaling. In this article, Gurugamer is going to showcase the best Zhongli team comp for DPS and Support
Table of Contents
1. Best Zhongli Team Comp (DPS)
2. Best Zhongli Team Comp (support)
3. F2P Zhongli Team Build
Zhongli is the best Geo character in Genshin Impact.
1. Best Zhongli Team Comp (DPS)
Overall, Zhongli benefits from Geo Resonance and Superconduct the most, especially as a DPS character. Fervent Flames and Shattering Ice are useful as well, especially the latter... as Zhongli can't remove Cryo with his Geo application.
Zhongli Passive Damage team
Zhongli + Albedo or Geo MC + Fischl + Xingqiu
In this team comp, the damage is actually provided by off-field supports. All three supports can benefit greatly from Geo Resonance's damage increase and Zhongli's RES down from his shield.
Albedo support
is probably the MVP, with crazy damage from AoE blossom every 2 seconds, alongside resonance damage from Zhongli's pillar and Albedo's flower. As their burst both cost 40, you can fire off both skills in a row.
Albedo is the best Geo Resonance for Zhongli Core DPS.
If you don't have Albedo, it is possible to replace him with Geo MC pillars and burst, but not nearly as effective. Aside from Geo, Fischl is Zhongli's best non-Geo teammate. Get her to C6 if possible, as she can proc every time Zhongli attacks. Xingqiu is the main support of the team, with healing, damage reduction, and the ability to trigger electro-charged with Fischl's help.
Zhongli Superconduct team
Zhongli + Albedo/Geo MC/Ningguang + Fischl/Beidou + Kaeya
If you want to build on Zhongli's normal attack damage, a superconduct team is probably the best. This team is overall not as good as the previous one, as there is no Cryo applicator who can out-DPS Xingqiu.
The Geo character would provide resonance and either sub or burst DPS. Ningguang also boosts your Geo damage by 15%. Superconduct's Electro component can be fulfilled by Fischl or Beidou - players can even use Razor as sub DPS if they don't have the previous two.
If you want to use Superconduct, Fischl is the best support
Kaeya is probably the best character for quick and cheap Cryo applications, as he can fire off one every 6 seconds. Ganyu can work if you want to use her as a support, but Kaeya can provide more damage in this comp.
Zhongli Beatstick team
Zhongli + 1 Geo + 2 Pyro
With Zhongli being near impossible to kill, it is actually possible to just run him on raw stat only, as Geo and Pyro Resonances provide good DMG and ATK bonuses. In this comp, just run any Geo character for the 2nd slot, ideally Albedo, Ningguang, Geo MC or Gorou.
Any combination of these 4 star Pyro characters can be good in a Zhongli team comp.
Bennett and Xinyan are the best duos for the Pyro slots, as Bennett can do pretty much everything, while Xinyan boosts your physical damage when your shield is up.
Zhongli Stunlock team
Zhongli + 1 Geo + 2 Anemo/Cryo + Hydro
If you want to stunlock your enemies permanently, it is possible to use Zhongli's burst petrification alongside crowd control duos like 2 Anemo or Freeze duo.
Dual Geo + Dual Anemo are the best, as they can spam burst when needed. Alternate between Zhongli's skill and the other's vacuum effects. If you are using Geo, remember to put Zhongli's Pillar away from the enemy, as it might shatter them out of Freeze.
Venti is actually pretty effective in the Genshin Impact Zhongli team.
2. Best Zhongli Team Comp (support)
Overall, Zhongli is one of the most versatile characters in the game, who can be slotted into any lineup to provide protection. Because of that, there are very few lineups that actually require Zhongli support.
Zhongli Itto Pure Geo team
Itto + Albedo + Gorou + Zhongli
With the release of Itto and Gorou in 2.3, we actually have a top tier mono Geo comp now. And amongst Geo characters, Zhongli is probably the best. In this comp, Itto is the main DPS supported by Albedo's damage. Gorou is the main support while Zhongli occasionally applies his shield and fires off his burst.
Gorou has the most important role in this comp, as he is the best support for Geo. When equipped with Archaic Petra, Gorou's picking crystal can give the team a whopping 35% Geo DMG bonus.
Arataki Itto is a proper Geo main DPS that Zhongli can support
3. F2P Zhongli Team Build
This lineup is designed for complete f2p and new players who only have Zhongli as a sole 5 star. It consists of all characters you can get for free completing the main quests. This is how you can make Zhongli more effective even with a free squad. However, if you've been playing for a while, this lineup is not needed.
Zhongli + Amber + Xiangling + Noelle
This is the most basic squad you can use for Zhongli. Amber would serve as the support of the team, resonate with Xiangling for a massive damage boost. Noelle will provide healing and Geo Resonance, which stack even more damage boost on top. She can also be switched in as a sub-DPS if her burst is ready.
Xiangling is also pretty useful and can be switched in to trigger crystallize reactions if needed.
Zhongli introduction video
>>> Read more:
Genshin Impact - Best Mona Team Comp For Support And DPS
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
#Genshin Impact Guide
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025