Genshin Impact
is a game of wonders where you can literally feel as if you are living in a fantasy world thanks to the mesmerizing graphics of the game and the compelling story of Archons.
With every update, new characters are introduced in the game, with two banners running side by side every season. So, in case you have acquired Zhongli, the Geo Archon, and
the best shielder in the game
, you may have been looking for his best build.
So, without further ado, here is the best build for Zhongli, including artifacts, weapons, and more.
Who Is Zhongli in Genshin Impact?
IT HAPPENED
#zhongli
ZHONGLI CAME HOME
I KNEW HE'D DO IT LETS GOOOOOO
#GenshinImpact
pic.twitter.com/pUkVgNxpB8
— Hackxe (@Hackxe_W)
September 9, 2023
Zhongli is
a 5-star Geo character
in the game and one of the oldest Archons in the Genshin story. With the shield Zhongli provides, even one of the strongest bosses in the game, Azhdaha can’t break it.
What Is the Best Team Build for Zhongli?
how to build them teams😭
ALSO I GOT ZHONGLI ON 6.9. DAY WOOOO
anyway im thinking about starting commissions for neuvillette via codashop cause i need my little otter
#GenshinImpact
pls help me with teams
pic.twitter.com/yq2qrvOlDo
— Dreamy or sum (@astttronom)
September 7, 2023
Since Zhongli doesn’t offer much in the attacking department, using him either as Shield Support or Sub-DPS is recommended. So, you can
try out many parties
to see where he fits in well. However, here are the most effective teams for Zhongli:
Mono-Geo Team:
Itto/Geo Traveler (Main DPS), Albedo (Sub-DPS), Zhongli (Sub-DPS), and Gorou (Support)
Physical Support Team:
Eula (Main DPS), Raiden Shogun (Sub-DPS), Zhongli (Support), and Shenhe (Support)
Vaporize Team:
Hu Tao (Main DPS), Yelan (Sub-DPS), Xingqiu (Sub-DPS), and Zhongli (Support)
While you can create various types of teams with Zhongli as the center as he both shields the characters and acts as
a great burst Sub-DPS
, these are the most used and successful teams according to Genshin history.
What Are the Best Weapons for Zhongli?
MY PITY WAS 6 AND I HAD A 50/50?! and finally i get his weapon too, and I have a C3 Zhongli, I'm about to cry
pic.twitter.com/RXTZyVyQyr
— sky⁸¹ PIA2TRI (@felhoseg)
September 13, 2023
Although you can use the strongest weapon in your possession in normal video games, Genshin designs a weapon entirely for a certain character.
Here are
the recommended weapons
for Zhongli users:
Black Tassel:
Black Tassel is a three-star Polearm that adds the bonus effect of 10.2% HP to Zhongli, which consequently improves Zhongli’s shield strength.
Staff of Homa:
Since it is a five-star weapon, it is hard to obtain, but it is perfect for Zhongli as Sub-DPS. It offers a CRIT DMG of 14.4% and additional HP benefits through its skill “Reckless Cinder.”
The Catch:
The Catch can be obtained from the Inazuma Fishing Association, and it offers energy recharge as a Bonus Stat, which is perfect for using Zhongli’s Elemental Skill.
What Are the Best Artifacts for Zhongli?
I'm quite impressed with the HP level tbh. I didn't even have to farm for any artifacts and he has more HP then my friends zhongli who I also built
pic.twitter.com/X6aplmLo46
— azriel ⚢ alhaitham's omega 🏛️🌱 (@hailouyuri)
September 10, 2023
Even if you level up your character to 90 and provide him with the best weapon in the game possible, it would be useless in front of the bosses without artifacts. Genshin Impact has five artifact types: Flower, Plume, Hourglass, Goblet, and Circlet.
Here are the best artifacts and their sets for Zhongli:
4 Piece Set of Tenacity of the Milleth:
This is the best-recommended set for Zhongli because it increases the ATK of all nearby party members by 20% and Shield Strength by 30%. Furthermore, it also offers him +20% with just the two-piece set of Tenacity of the Milleth.
2 Piece Set of Tenacity of the Milleth and 2 Piece Set of Vourukasha’s Glow:
If you can’t find more than two or three good artifacts from Tenacity of the Milleth, Vourukasha’s Glow can be used since it offers an additional 20% HP.
4 Piece Set of Noblesse Oblige:
Noblesse Oblige is easy to obtain and can be used for many characters. So, leveling these artifacts can be quite fruitful. Its two-piece set offers an additional 20% Elemental Burst, and the four-piece set increases party members’ attack by 20% after Zhongli uses Elemental Burst.
In a nutshell, Zhongli is better suited as a Sub-DPS while providing an unbreakable shield for teammates. You can use Zhongli’s elemental skill and switch to your main DPS to do severe damage.
Zhongli’s burst animation just finished and he alr got his burst back 😭😭
pic.twitter.com/F35uVZUavg
— Lou ✦ genshin pilot services 3/3 (@osmanthuspilot)
January 6, 2023
Furthermore, his Elemental Burst can also work wonders against the enemy crowd as Zhongli literally
summons a huge boulder from the sky
, which, upon contact, crystalizes the enemies.
So, did you win Zhongli in the ongoing banner? How are you enjoying the character so far? Let us know your thoughts in the comment section below.