In our Genshin Impact Rosaria Build and Best Team Comp post you will learn about Rosaria’s talents, how they work and how to upgrade them. Also, you will read about her Constellations that will help you make Rosaria even more powerful. After that, we have written Genshin Impact Rosaria Build where you’ll see weapon and artifact set. And at last, we have mentioned the best team comps for Rosaria as the Sub DPS hero.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
The whole information is presented in tables. You can use the navigation bar above to move quickly to the information block that you are most interested in.
Talents
Constellations
Build
Team
Rosaria Build
Below you can see the best weapon option for playing Rosaria in Genshin Impact. Accompanied by the best Rosaria artifact set and its stat priorities.
Sub DPS Build
If you play this champion as a Sub DPS in your comp you should take the weapon and artifacts from the list below. They are believed to be the most effective ones in almost all situations.
Weapon
Staff of Homa
Weapon Substitutes:
Skyward Spine
,
Favonius Lance
,
The Catch
,
Deathmatch
.
Artifact Set
Blizzard Strayer
(2-Piece)
&
Noblesse Oblige
(2-Piece)
Artifact Main Stats Priority:
ATK%
Cryo DMG Bonus
CRIT DMG / CRIT Rate
Sub Stats Priority: CRIT DMG > CRIT Rate > ATK% > Elemental Mastery
Talent Priority
Rites of Termination > Ravaging Confession > Spear of the Church
Main DPS Build
If you play this champion as a Main DPS in your comp you should take the weapon and artifacts from the list below. They are believed to be the most effective ones in almost all situations.
Weapon
Primordial Jade Winged-Spear
Artifact Set
Pale Flame
(2-Piece)
&
Bloodstained Chivalry
(2-Piece)
Artifact Main Stats Priority:
ATK%
Physical DMG Bonus
CRIT DMG / CRIT Rate
Sub Stats Priority: CRIT DMG > CRIT Rate > ATK% > ATK
Talent Priority
Spear of the Church > Ravaging Confession > Rites of Termination
Best Team Compositions for Rosaria
When you play Genshin Impact everything depends not only on your main character but also on the composition. You should learn how elements complement each other and build the best team for your main. Below you can see the best team composition for Rosaria with Main DPS, Sub DPS and Support characters. Also, we have included alternative characters for each role that go well with Rosaria too.
Rosaria as a Sub DPS
Rosaria as sub DPS can be useful for Cryo main DPS. In combination with Eula with main physical damage and Raiden your team can get increased damage (Cryo Resonance) and decreased armour for enemies (from Superconduct). In this type of team you will not need a healer, so Zhogngli’s shields are great help.
Good characters for this comp:
Kamisato Ayaka, Mona, Beidou, Fischl, Xiangling, Xingqiu, Sangonomiya Kokomi, Bennett, Diona.
If you want to know more about every teammate for Rosaria you can click on the link below and find them in the list of all Genshin Impact characters that we have described.
Rosaria as a Main DPS
If you don’t have enough 5-star champions you can try playing Rosaria as main DPS. You will need an Electro character to activate Superconduct, Fischl is great because you can have Electro on the field. Diona provides both Cryo for resonance and healing. Albedo will provide you with all kind of shields and support with damage from his ability, while you deal damage as Rosaria.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
In case you are still not sure what champion you want to pick as main we have
Genshin Impact characters tier list
with explanations on how to build your best team.
Rosaria Talents
Below you can see the list of talents that Rosaria uses during the fight. Each of them we have described with the main characteristics.
Spear of the Church
Normal Attack
Normal Attack:
Performs up to five consecutive spear strikes.
Charged Attack:
Consumes a certain amount of Stamina to lunge forward, dealing damage to opponents along the way.
Plunging Attack:
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Ravaging Confession
Elemental Skill
Rosaria swiftly shifts her position to appear behind her opponent, then stabs and slashes them with her polearm, dealing Cryo DMG.
This ability cannot be used to travel behind opponents of a larger build.
Rites of Termination
Elemental Burst
Rosaria’s unique take on this prayer ritual: First, she swings her weapon to slash surrounding opponents; then, she summons a frigid Ice Lance that strikes the ground. Both actions deal Cryo DMG.
While active, the Ice Lance periodically releases a blast of cold air, dealing Cryo DMG to surrounding opponents.
Regina Probationum
1st Ascension Passive
When Rosaria strikes an opponent from behind using Ravaging Confession, Rosaria’s CRIT Rate increases by 12% for 5s.
Shadow Samaritan
4th Ascension Passive
Casting Rites of Termination increases CRIT Rate of all nearby party members (except Rosaria herself) by 15% of Rosaria’s CRIT Rate for 10s.
CRIT Rate Bonus gained this way cannot exceed 15%.
Night Walk
Utility Passive
At night (18:00 – 6:00), increases the Movement SPD of your own party members by 10%.
Does not take effect in Domains, Trounce Domains, or Spiral Abyss. Not stackable with Passive Talents that provide the same effects.
Every talent can be upgraded up to level 15. But to do so you will need to gather materials on particular days. The list of the needed materials for leveling Rosaria’s talents is mentioned in the next block.
Talent Leveling Materials
So here you can see all materials that you will need in order to level up Rosaria’s talents.
Talent Level-Up Materials
Ballad Books:
Teachings of Ballad
,
Guide to Ballad
,
Philosophies of Ballad
.
Common Ascension Materials
Recruit’s Insignia
,
Sergeant’s Insignia
,
Lieutenant’s Insignia
.
Weekly Boss Material
Shadow of the Warrior
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
Some of them are required at the beginning for low levels and others are more advanced. We just wanted to focus your attention on material types in general.
Rosaria Constellations
In Genshin Impact characters have a specific upgrade system called constellation. You will need to get a specific item called Stella Fortuna to increase the level of constellation. Each character has their own version of Stella Fortuna, which you get by obtaining a duplicate of the character from Wishes.
Level 1
Unholy Revelation
When Rosaria deals a CRIT Hit, her ATK SPD increases by 10% and her Normal Attack DMG increases by 10% for 4s.
Level 2
Land Without Promise
The duration of the Ice Lance created by Rites of Termination is increased by 4s.
Level 3
The Wages of Sin
Increases the Level of Ravaging Confession by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4
Painful Grace
Ravaging Confession’s CRIT Hits regenerate 5 Energy for Rosaria.
Can only be triggered once each time Ravaging Confession is cast.
Level 5
Last Rites
Increases the Level of Rites of Termination by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6
Divine Retribution
Rites of Termination’s attack decreases opponents’ Physical RES by 20% for 10s.
Every Genshin Impact character has own set of constellations above you can see Rosaria constellations list with descriptions.
Ascension Materials
In addition, there are ascension phases that increase the level cap for your character. After Rosaria reaches the 20th level she can be ascended to the next ascension phase, up to phase 6, which allow getting 90th level.
Character Ascension Materials
Shivada Jade:
Shivada Jade Sliver
,
Shivada Jade Fragment
,
Shivada Jade Chunk
,
Shivada Jade Gemstone
.
Hoarfrost Core
Common Ascension Materials
Recruit’s Insignia
,
Sergeant’s Insignia
,
Lieutenant’s Insignia
.
Local Specialty
Valberry
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
In order to level up ascension phases you’ll need materials. So the list of those required for Rosaria is listed above.
Artem R.
I have been an avid gamer since childhood. My favorite genres are RPGs, Action, and MMOs. Some of my all-time favorite games include the Diablo and Path of Exile ARPG series, the Dark Souls series, and JRPGs like Xenoblade, Atelier, and the Final Fantasy. I am also a big fan of the PSP and PS Vita, and I currently enjoy gaming on my Nintendo Switch.
Post Views:
6,236
Please share it with your friends
Tags:
Genshin Impact
Post navigation
Previous
All WoW Burning Crusade Classic Mounts and How to Get Them
Next
What are Path of Exile Supporter Packs?