No matter which character you pick in Genshin Impact, you must build them with the best weapon, artifacts, and team composition to get the most out of them. HoYoverse has already revealed Xianyun as an upcoming playable character, and she will be a 5-star character that will get added to the
Genshin Impact 4.4 update
.
She is a new resident in Liyue Harbor and has already made her debut as an NPC. If you manage to pull Xianyun from her banner, you can have a look at her best build and team composition below.
Table of Contents
Best Xianyun Build in Genshin Impact
Best Weapon
Best Artifact Set
Best Xianyun Team Composition in Genshin Impact
Best Xianyun Build in Genshin Impact
Best Xianyun Build in Genshin Impact. (Picture: HoYoverse)
While HoYoverse hasn’t revealed all the details about Xianyun,
based on her leaked abilities
, she is best suited for the support healer role and here are the best weapon and artifacts you can use to build her for both roles.
Best Weapon
Considering the leaked weapons, her signature weapon, Crane’s Echoing Call, will be best suited for her; however, if you can’t get your hands on it, you can also go with A Thousand Floating Dreams.
Crane’s Echoing Call (Level 1)
When the equipping character hits an opponent with a Plunging Attack, all nearby party members’ Plunging Attacks deal 28% increased DMG for 20s. When other nearby party members hit opponents with Plunging Attacks, they will restore 2.5 Energy to the equipping character. Energy can be restored this way every 0.7s.
A Thousand Floating Dreams (Level 1)
Party members other than the equipping character will provide the equipping character with buffs based on whether their Elemental Type is the same as the latter or not. If their Elemental Types are the same, increase Elemental Mastery by 32.
If not, increase the equipping character’s DMG Bonus from their Elemental Type by 10%.
Each of the aforementioned effects can have up to 3 stacks. Additionally, all nearby party members other than the equipping character will have their Elemental Mastery increased by 40. Multiple such effects from multiple such weapons can stack.
Best Artifact Set
Ocean-Hued Clam (4-piece), the upcoming artifact set, is the best for Xianyun, but if you don’t have it, you can go with Viridescent Venerer (4-piece).
Ocean-Hued Clam
2-Piece Bonus:
Healing Bonus +15%
4-Piece Bonus:
When the character equipping this artifact set heals a character in the party, a Sea-Dyed Foam will appear for 3 seconds, accumulating the amount of HP recovered from healing (including overflow healing). At the end of the duration, the Sea-Dyed Foam will explode, dealing DMG to nearby opponents based on 90% of the accumulated healing. (This DMG is calculated similarly to Reactions such as Electro-Charged, and Superconduct, but it is not affected by Elemental Mastery, Character Levels, or Reaction DMG Bonuses). Only one Sea-Dyed Foam can be produced every 3.5 seconds. Each Sea-Dyed Foam can accumulate up to 30,000 HP (including overflow healing). There can be no more than one Sea-Dyed Foam active at any given time. This effect can still be triggered even when the character who is using this artifact set is not on the field.
Viridescent Venerer
2-Piece Bonus:
Gain a 15% Anemo DMG Bonus.
4-Piece:
Increases Swirl DMG by 60%. Decreases opponent’s Elemental RES to the element infused in the Swirl by 40% for 10s.
Xianyun is a 5-star character in Genshin Impact. (Picture: HoYoverse)
Best Xianyun Team Composition in Genshin Impact
In order to get the most out of Xianyun, we recommend you include Pyro, Hydro, and Electro/Cryo characters in the team to trigger elemental reactions that will increase the damage and its duration.
As a Pyro character, you can either pick Xiangling and to fill up the space of a Hydro character, Kokomi or Ayato will be a great choice. At last, you can choose
Ganyu
or
Ayaka
as your Cryo character in the team and if you are going for an Electro character, we would recommend you to pick
Raiden Shogun
.
Thus, the best team composition for Xianyun in Genshin Impact will be Raiden Shogun, Kokomi/Ayato, and Ganyu/Ayaka or Raiden Shogun.