Yaoyao, a 4-star Dendro character in
Genshin Impact
, brings some added utility to your squad. Not only does she provide much-needed Dendro reactions, but she can also heal. Here’s our
Genshin Impact
Yaoyao best team comps guide to help you with the ideal characters to have in your party.
Recommended Videos
Note:
For more information about the game, check out our
Genshin Impact
guides and features hub
. Likewise, you can take a look at our
main build guide
for Yaoyao.
Genshin Impact
Yaoyao best team comps guide
Before we discuss the best Yaoyao team comps in
Genshin Impact
, lets talk about the viability of her kit:
Elemental skill – Spawns one rabbit that throws White Jade Radishes. These will either heal an active character/co-op teammate if they’re below 70% HP or hit nearby opponents. There’s a small AoE radius, too, which means a radish that heals a friendly can also damage a foe if it’s close enough.
Elemental burst – Causes the Adeptal Legacy state. Spawns up to three rabbits that consistently toss a bunch of radishes, dealing damage and healing all party members. Also adds extra movement speed and Dendro resistance for Yaoyao. This effect disappears if Yaoyao leaves the field.
Passive: Starscatter – After using her burst and with the Adeptal Legacy state active, Yaoyao will throw additional radishes at hostiles when she sprints or jumps.
Passive: In Others’ Shoes – When a White Jade Radish explodes, active characters within its range will regen HP based on 0.8% of Yaoyao’s max HP.
In essence, Yaoyao’s importance is predicated on the fact that she can trigger Dendro reactions, all while healing your teammates. This opens up additional possibilities since you won’t rely too much on characters like Kuki Shinobu or Kokomi. Just remember that her skill is mostly for off-field application, but her burst requires her to stay on the field for several seconds so the Adeptal Legacy state doesn’t get cleared prematurely.
Screenshot by PC Invasion
Quicken -> Aggravate
Given the above, one of Yaoyao’s best team comps in
Genshin Impact
relies on Aggravate, which means using her Dendro capabilities and Electro hits from other squadmates:
Dendro: Yaoyao
Electro main DPS: Cyno or Keqing
Electro sub DPS: Fischl or Yae Miko.
Flex: Preferably an Anemo character for resistance debuffs (i.e., Kazuha, Venti, or Sucrose).
Hyperbloom
This one requires Dendro and Hydro to create Bloom, followed by an Electro hit for Hyperbloom:
Dendro: Yaoyao
Hydro: Xingqiu or Yelan
Electro: Raiden Shogun
Flex: You can go with an Anemo here for the resistance shred. Alternatively, you could add an extra Hydro as well.
Nilou’s Bloom Team
This is primarily for those who use Nilou in their squad:
Hydro #1: Nilou
Hydro #2: Xingqiu or Yelan (you won’t need Barbara or Kokomi anymore)
Dendro #1: Yaoyao
Dendro #2: Nahida or Traveler
Screenshot by PC Invasion
Genshin Impact
is available via its
official website
. For more information, check out our
guides and features hub
.
Genshin Impact