Genshin Impact: Yaoyao Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
By
Christina Roffe
Published
Feb 1, 2023, 11:00 AM EST
Christina Roffe is a Guides Specialist from the United States. She has experience writing on games ranging from Nintendo titles to PlayStation titles. She is especially knowledgeable in anything Nintendo and Genshin Impact. Building new characters in Genshin Impact is one of her favorite things to do.
Sign in to your
DualShockers
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Yaoyao's Best Builds & Artifact Sets
Yaoyao's Best 5-Star & 4-Star Weapons
Yaoyao's Best Team Compositions
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
A disciple of Streetward Rambler, Yaoyao is a young kid who works with the Adepti and learns their ways in
Genshin Impact
. She is very talented and always willing to learn more.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Xiangling Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Yaoyao is a
4-Star Dendro character
wielding a Polearm. She has incredible healing abilities from her talents and can inflict great Dendro DMG on top of it. To build the 'little adult' to reach her greatest potential, here's how you can do so.
Yaoyao's Best Builds & Artifact Sets
A large majority of Yaoyao's Passive Talents allow her to
heal her teammates greatly based on her max HP,
making her perfect for the
Support role.
Her Elemental Skill is especially useful, as it will
heal the active character while also dealing off-field Dendro DMG
, allowing the active character to create
Elemental Reactions
. With this in mind, here is the best artifact set for her.
4-Set Of Deepwood Memories
A 2-Set of Deepwood Memories will give Yaoyao an increase of 15 percent to her Dendro DMG Bonus. Its 4-Set, after her Elemental Skill or Burst hits opponents, will decrease the target's Dendro RES by 30 percent for 8 seconds. This effect can be triggered even if Yaoyao is not on the field. This set is the best one for
developing Yaoyao's Support role, as she will now be able to give her Dendro teammates an additional buff by decreasing enemies' Dendro RES on top of her healing.
She synergizes well with Dendro-focused teams already, so having this set with her will overall increase her damage as well as her team's. Here are some of the main stats and substats you should look out for when
building each artifact
.
Type of Artifact
Main Stat
Substats
Sands of Eon
Energy Recharge or HP%
Energy Recharge, CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, HP%, Elemental Mastery
Goblet of Eonothem
HP%
Energy Recharge, CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, HP%, Elemental Mastery
Circlet of Logos
Healing Bonus or CRIT Rate
Energy Recharge, CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, HP%, Elemental Mastery
To make sure Yaoyao's Elemental Burst is always active, make sure to
build on her Energy Recharge as much as possible.
We recommend reaching
at least 200 percent Energy Recharge,
so the team can be constantly healed and protected from falling. You'll also want to build on her
HP to increase the amount of healing she can bring to her team.
Focus on CRIT Stats if you want to increase the Dendro DMG she deals, as well.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Yun Jin Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Yaoyao's Best 5-Star & 4-Star Weapons
Yaoyao has a lot of Polearm options available to her as
a Support character
. You can
build on her Energy Recharge, HP, or even Elemental Mastery.
Here are some of the best weapons you can equip for her.
5-Star Weapons: Staff Of Homa & Staff Of The Scarlet Sands
Staff of Homa will give Yaoyao a base increase of 14.4 percent to her CRIT DMG. Its Bonus Skill will increase HP by 20 percent. Additionally, it will provide an ATK Bonus based on 0.8 percent of Yaoyao's max HP. When Yaoyao's HP is less than 50 percent, this ATK Bonus will increase by an additional 1 percent of max HP. The Bonus Skill of Staff of Homa is what works so well for Yaoyao, as it will
increase her HP and give her a decent ATK bonus based on the amount of HP she has, which will already be high from her Artifact build.
Staff of the Scarlet Sands will give Yaoyao a base increase of 9.6 percent to her CRIT Rate. Its Bonus Skill will allow Yaoyao to gain 52 percent of her Elemental Mastery as bonus ATK. When her Elemental Skill hits opponents, the Dream of the Scarlet Sands effect will be gained for 10 seconds: Yaoyao will gain 28 percent of her Elemental Mastery as bonus ATK. This has a maximum of 3 stacks.
If you chose to build on Yaoyao's Elemental Mastery in her Artifact build, this weapon is a great way to increase her ATK stats.
4-Star Weapons: Favonious Lance & Moonpiercer
Favonious Lance will give Yaoyao a base increase of 6.7 percent to her Energy Recharge. Its Bonus Skill will allow CRIT Hits to have a 60 percent chance to generate a small amount of Elemental Particles, which will regenerate 6 Energy for her. This can only occur once every 12 seconds. This weapon is
sure to keep Yaoyao's Elemental Burst active, allowing her teammates to have consistent healing to prevent them from falling.
Moonpiercer will give Yaoyao a base increase of 24 to her Elemental Mastery. Its Bonus Skill, after triggering Burning, Quicken, Aggravate, Spread, Bloom, Hyperbloom, or Burgeon, will create a Leaf of Revival around Yaoyao for a maximum of 10 seconds. When picked up, the leaf will grant Yaoyao 16 percent ATK for 12 seconds. Only one leaf can be generated this way every 20 seconds. This effect can still be triggered even if Yaoyao is not on the field.
Moonpiercer is a great Free-to-Play option, as it can be crafted once the blueprint for it is obtained.
This weapon can benefit greatly from the Elemental Reactions that Yaoyao will create with her team.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Xinyan Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Yaoyao's Best Team Compositions
Yaoyao's best teams are often
focused around at least one other Dendro character.
She can give them a
significant attack buff from both the Deepwood Memories 4-Set and a few of her weapon options.
Below, you'll find the best teams to pair Yaoyao with.
5-Star Team
For the 5-Star team, the focus is to
create Spread and Quicken Reactions using Dendro and Electro.
Alhaitham will take the reins as the Main DPS, with Raiden Shogun and Yae Miko providing the Electro Element to create Reactions. Yaoyao will support by healing the team.
Character
Character Type and Benefits
Alhaitham
Main DPS, Can provide great Dendro DMG and fast Dendro application to create Elemental Reactions.
Yae Miko
Sub-DPS, Can provide large Area of Effect Electro DMG to create Quicken Reactions.
Raiden Shogun
Sub-DPS, Can provide additional Electro DMG and regenerate Energy for other characters.
4-Star Team
This team will mostly
consist of Sub-DPS characters working together to create the Bloom and Hyperbloom Reactions.
Yaoyao will help to keep the Dendro Element applied to enemies while healing her team.
Character
Character Type and Benefits
Shinobu
Support, Can provide Electro DMG to create Hyperbloom Reactions.
Xingqiu
Sub-DPS, Can provide consistent Hydro DMG on and off-field to create Bloom Reactions.
Collei
Sub-DPS, Can provide additional Dendro DMG through Elemental Burst with wide Area of Effect.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: Raiden Shogun Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Video Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Whose Section Did You Enjoy Playing The Most In Resident Evil Requiem?
Grace
Grace
57.1%
Leon
Leon
42.9%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
10 Secrets and Easter Eggs in the Super Mario Galaxy Games
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream Review
10 JRPGs Where the Villain Feels More Compelling Than the Hero