Genshin Impact: Best Team Comps for Yaoyao
Genshin Impact's Yaoyao poses in the middle while holding her Yuegui device. Nahida is on the left and Cyno is on the right, while a green light is in the background.
By
Bruno Yonezawa
Published
Jan 19, 2023, 7:17 AM EST
Bruno Yonezawa is a Gaming Senior Writer for Screen Rant. He's been practicing professional journalism for over 10 years, and is also a communications specialist. He's played games all his life and turned that passionate hobby into a passionate career, in an industry where he's worked as a writer, editor, analyst, and more.
Sign in to your
ScreenRant
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
The best Yaoyao team comps in
Genshin Impact
are flexible, because of her Dendro element and her role flexibility. The new 4-star character became playable in Version 3.4, and is a Dendro polearm user. Due to her skill set, she can either be used as a healer or a Dendro reaction enabler, depending on the player’s needs.
Finding a team comp for
Yaoyao in
Genshin Impact
is different than finding a fit for a DPS: instead of searching for party members that center around her, players should consider how she would contribute to an already established team. It's important to know who works best for Elemental Resonance, Elemental Reactions, or more, but there's a wide variety of options.
Related:
Why Genshin Impact's Update Schedule Being Six Weeks Works
Best
Genshin Impact
Team Comps For Yaoyao’s Healer Build
Genshin Impact's Yaoyao wielding her Dragon's Bane polearm with Liyue's landscape in the background.
When used as a healer in
Genshin Impact
teams, Yaoyao serves many different needs. Because her Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst only start healing when an ally is below 70% HP, her on-field presence should be sporadic, and she fits best in teams with larger HP pools. As such, she is very useful when paired with Zhongli, Yelan, and Hu Tao teams, all of whom should have an additional HP boost due to the way their Attack scales. While
Zhongli’s Geo powers in
Genshin Impact
do not actively resonate with Yaoyao’s Dendro, she is a good fit as his personal healer.
In fact, a Zhongli, Yelan, Hu Tao, and Yaoyao team comp in
Genshin Impact
could operate quite smoothly. The Geo Archon provides shields, followed by Yaoyao, setting up Dendro reactions. Yelan can trigger Bloom, and players could finally switch to Hu Tao, the main DPS responsible for triggering Burgeon. While Yaoyao would primarily function as an enabler here, she would help keep the team alive.
Best
Genshin Impact
Team Comps For Yaoyao’s Dendro Enabling Build
Genshin Impact's Cyno uses his Elemental Skill and shows off his Electro claws in the Sumeru desert.
Despite her ability to operate as a healer, Yaoyao’s ideal build is when she is used for
Dendro-based reactions in
Genshin Impact
. According to
GameWith
, the best team comp for Yaoyao is one that uses Cyno as the main DPS, Nahida as the sub-DPS, and Fischl as an off-field Energy Recharge support. Of course, this team can be adjusted according to character availability. The important detail is that Dendro reactions are enabled, so Pyro, Hydro, or Electro have to be present in the team.
Cyno can be substituted for one of the many viable DPS characters that
Genshin Impact
has to offer, such as Keqing or Ayato Kamisato. Both have kits that react very well to Yaoyao’s constant off-field Dendro attacks. Another option is using a Dendro DPS who takes direct advantage of the Dendro Resonance, such as
5-star sword user Alhaitham
or Tighnari. Having a Dendro DPS, however, forces the sub-DPS to have another elemental specialty. An off-field Raiden Shogun sub-DPS could do wonders for constantly interacting with the Dendro element, for instance.
Related:
Genshin Impact: Why You Should Never Face Azhdaha In Co-Op Mode
Taking into account how often Yaoyao’s Yuegui minion attacks with Dendro radishes, Dendro Cores should be up all the time with a consistent Hydro character. A great one is
4-star
Genshin Impact
Hydro character Xingqiu
. Having him in Yaoyao’s team comp guarantees that many Dendro Cores will be spawned, and if her healing is not reliable enough, Xinqiu helps provide a bit more of a buffer.
A premium solution for Hydro is Kokomi, who offers a more ample range thanks to her AoE healing skill. It is important to remember that these healer characters only make sense to Yaoyao’s team comp in
Genshin Impact
if she is not supposed to be a healer herself, and has been otherwise built as a sole Dendro enabler.
Best F2p Yaoyao Teams in
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Electro Catalyst Lisa wearing a purple hat superimposed over a Mondstadt landscape.
Yaoyao’s abilities as a healer in
Genshin Impact
can shine in free-to-play team comp. Lisa as an Electro DPS, Xingqiu as the support that enables Dendro Core creation, and Collei as a sub-DPS for both Elemental Resonance and more Dendro applications is very viable. Another solution is using Xingqiu as sub-DPS and the Dendro Traveler as the team’s support and Resonance enabler. Lisa can also be swapped out for Xiangling, for example, if a player wants a Burgeon Yaoyao team comp instead.
Because Yaoyao is not any team’s DPS, she has more flexibility for where she fits in rosters.
Yaoyao’s release in
Genshin Impact
3.4
grants players more options when it comes to building teams centered around Dendro reactions, and she's well-worth building to help diversify a player's team composition potential.
More:
Genshin Impact Nahida Figure Is A Perfect Chibi Fan Creation
Source:
GameWith
,
Genshin Impact/YouTube
Gaming
Game Guides
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Trending Now
Netflix's 8-Part Sci-Fi Adaptation Feels Like It Was Made To Be Binged
Spider-Man: Beyond The Spider-Verse's Plot Has A Perfect Solution Thanks To The Comics
The Expanse Creators’ New Prime Video Space Opera Adapts Books Inspired By A Biblical Story