The Best Party Setups For Yaoyao In Genshin Impact
By
Sanyam Jain
Published
Jan 20, 2023, 9:30 AM EST
Sanyam Jain is a Staff Writer at TheGamer who has worked as a professional gaming journalist since 2022. A Journalism and Mass Communication graduate, he has been testing the limits of the games he plays for as long as he can remember.
An expert in RPG, Open-World, and Gacha games, Sanyam's articles are based on hours upon hours of testing with every new character, mechanic, or puzzle to ensure that you get every information you'll need about it.
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Quicken Reaction Carry Team
Bloom And Heal
Dendro Buffer Team
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
The best part about
Genshin Impact
is being able to try different team compositions whenever a new character is released to the game. There are times when a character can fit in any team because of their flexibility, but there are also times when a character needs a specific team to function properly.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best Builds For Yaoyao
Yaoyao is one of the flexible characters who can easily fit into many team compositions, and she's also easy to build and play. This four-star character uses a Polearm as a weapon with a Dendro vision. You can choose the best team composition for Yaoyao based on your play style and character roster.
Quicken Reaction Carry Team
Yaoyao
Fischl
Yae Miko
Kaedehara Kazuha
Ever since the release of the Dendro reactions in Version 3.0, it's hard to avoid the fact that
Quicken, Aggravate, and Spread are the best reaction combinations in the game against a horde of enemies
. The Quicken reaction triggers when Dendro meets Electro, and this leads to Spread or Aggravate based on the type of damage.
Spread occurs if Dendro is applied to an enemy who already has Electro on them after Quicken, while Aggravate occurs if Electro is applied to Dendro. Depending on the reaction,
the Dendro or Electro attack triggering it deals much higher damage
.
Genshin Impact always has a split-scaling problem when it comes to healers, and it's the same for Yaoyao. The
healing she provides from her Elemental Skill and Burst is based on her HP, while the damage dealt is based on her ATK
. This leads to scenarios where a player has to choose between damage or healing since there's no middle ground.
Yaoyao's damage scaling for Elemental Skill and Burst is super low, so it's not a good idea to build her on ATK. Moreover,
her fourth constellation gives her extra Elemental Mastery based on her HP
, which is vital for a reaction-based team like this. Hence, this party setup aims for triggering the Aggravate reaction more than Spread.
Fischl and Yae Miko are great for applying Electro to opponents constantly,
but this application increases even more with Kazuha's Burst because it will always Swirl Electro
. Dendro element doesn't react with Anemo, making it impossible to trigger a Swirl reaction between the two.
As for the rotation, here's how you should go about executing this team's abilities:
Start by placing Fischl's Elemental Skill
since it lasts for quite a long time, and
follow it up by placing Yae Miko's Elemental Skill
on the field. This will start applying a ton of Electro to the enemies.
At this point, you can quickly switch over to Yaoyao and place her Elemental Skill to start triggering the reactions. Once that is done,
switch over to Kazuha and use his Elemental Skill and Burst
.
Finally, switch back to Yaoyao and
run around the enemies after triggering her Elemental Burst
.
Kazuha's Elemental Skill will group the enemies together, and
constant Electro attacks with Quicken reactions will prevent smaller enemies from moving away
. Hence, this team functions best when you're up against a ton of small enemies.
Bloom And Heal
Yaoyao
Xingqiu
Nilou
Collie
When Nilou was first released in the game, she was quite a niche character because of the lack of characters who can apply constant Dendro. Nilou has a passive that
gives her Bloom reactions a new effect only if your entire party is filled with Hydro and Dendro characters
. This also gives way to a team with Hydro and Dendro Resonance.
Hydro Resonance
increases the HP of all party members by 25 percent
, which is great for Nilou since she scales on HP. On the other hand, Dendro Resonance
increases the party's Elemental Mastery by 80 once you trigger a Bloom reaction
.
With the party members mentioned above, Nilou's Bloom reaction will create Bountiful Cores that won't be able to trigger Hyperbloom or Burgeon. Instead,
these Cores explode a lot faster than normal Dendro Cores, and they also deal higher damage
. Your party members need to take damage from these Bloom reactions to increase their Elemental Mastery further.
This is the reason Yaoyao fits perfectly in this team. Not only can she apply Dendro to the enemies constantly for more Bloom reactions, but
she can also heal the damage done by the Bountiful Cores
. Collei can make up for the lack of the Dendro application from Yaoyao against the massive Hydro application from Xingqiu and Nilou.
To take even more advantage of Hydro Resonance,
you can replace Xingqiu with Yelan on this team
. Although, you'll need to use Favonius Warbow on her so that she can get her Burst quickly.
The rotation for this team can be quite easy:
Start with Yelan's Elemental Skill and Burst
since the off-field damage from her Burst lasts for a long time.
Follow this up with Nilou's Elemental Skill and Burst.
Make sure that you use the flower stance of Nilou's Elemental Skill
since that can apply constant off-field Hydro.
Finally, switch over to Collei and Yaoyao to use their Elemental Skills and Bursts in any order. It's also r
ecommended to have Sacrificial Bow on Collei for extra Energy Recharge and Dendro application
.
You won't be able to see a lot of damage from any particular character in this team,
but the damage dealt by Bountiful Cores will astound you
. This is because you'll have a ton of Elemental Mastery from the Dendro Resonance, and it's also recommended to use the Gilded Dreams artifact set on a couple of party members.
Dendro Buffer Team
Yaoyao
Alhaitham
Kuki Shinobu
Zhongli
Apart from being a reaction carrier and a healer,
Yaoyao can also be used as a support to buff the damage of another Dendro character
. While this makes her truly flexible, it does need a bit of setup. To start off, you need to have the first constellation for Yaoyao
since it gives the active character Dendro DMG Bonus when her radishes explode
.
This team doesn't work at all if you don't have this constellation. Although,
you can get lucky and pull Yaoyao at any point since she's a four-star character
. If you have the constellation, this might be one of the best teams you can put her in.
While Yaoyao is a crucial part of this team,
it will revolve around Alhaitham at the end of the day
. This five-star character was released alongside Yaoyao for the first time, and he's one of the best Dendro DPS in the game. Moreover, you'll be using the Quicken reaction to boost your damage once again.
The difference is that
you'll aim to trigger Spread in this team, which is why you don't need as much Electro application
. Here's what your rotation will look like:
The first thing you need to do is activate Zhongli's Elemental Skill to get a barrier.
You need to make sure that Zhongli has over 30,000 HP at least so that your barrier doesn't go away quickly
.
Next,
head over to Kuki Shinobu and use her Elemental Skill since it lasts for quite a long time
, especially if you have her second constellation, which makes the Skill duration equal to its cooldown.
Finally,
use Yaoyao's Elemental Skill before switching over to Alhaitham and executing his combination
. He will get a 15 percent Dendro DMG Bonus as soon as the first radish from Yaoyao's Skill explodes.
Once you're done with his rotation,
you can use Kuki Shinobu's and Alhaitham's Bursts to get a mini-rotation
. Alhaitham's Burst will give him three mirrors when zero mirrors are consumed during activation.
Around eight seconds after using these two Bursts, you can repeat the entire rotation.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: Complete Guide
Gaming Guides
Live-Service Games
Triple-A Games
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
26.4%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
19.8%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.0%
007 First Light
007 First Light
9.2%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.5%
Other
Other
21.1%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
A Hidden URL In Pragmata Takes You To Website Filled With Wesker Memes
Marathon Takes Priority As More Devs Are Working On Its Post-Launch Support Than Destiny 2
"Almost Every Big Studio" Is Using Generative AI In Game Development, It's Claimed