While our best
Genshin Impact Yaoyao team comp
is geared towards triggering the Bloom elemental reaction, her kit is versatile enough that she can comfortably find a place on most Dendro-oriented teams. Whether you're looking to instigate Bloom, Hyperbloom, Quicken, or Burgeon, Yaoyao is a solid pick if you're partial to a whole host of elemental reactions.
As the first Dendro healer in the
free PC game
, the best Genshin Impact Yaoyao team comp situates her as the primary healer in your party, with additional off-hand Dendro application provided by Yuegui, her rabbit companion. Before we get started, we highly recommend checking out our best
Genshin Impact Yaoyao build
to ensure that she's kitted out with the best weapon and artifacts in the
anime game
. We've also got a list of all the
Genshin Impact Yaoyao ascension materials
required to boost her to max level. With all that under your belt, here's the best Genshin Impact Yaoyao team comp.
The best Genshin Impact Yaoyao team comp is:
Yaoyao
Nahida
Nilou
Xingqiu
This exclusive Hydro-Dendro team comp benefits from Nilou's Court of Dancing Petals passive, which applies the Golden Chalice's Bounty to characters. This effect increases the active character's Elemental Mastery, the
Genshin Impact
stat that determines the effectiveness of elemental reactions. It also generates Bountiful Cores instead of Dendro cores when Bloom is triggered, which activate faster, deal more damage, and have a wider spread than their regular counterparts.
Damage mitigation is further reinforced by Xingqiu's rain swords, which soak up a portion of incoming damage and can be replenished every 21 seconds. While this doesn't extend to damage inflicted by transformative reactions such as Bloom, you'll still feel the benefit against hard-hitting enemies when you're getting up close and personal. It also goes without saying that Xingqiu excels at Hydro application, dishing out a hefty amount of damage in the process.
Nahida's Compassion Illuminated passive skill is ideal for reaction-oriented team comps since it applies Elemental Mastery to the active character while using her burst, and her own Elemental Mastery stat increases depending on how many enemies are marked with Seeds of Skandha. Her elemental skill provides Bloom management with a controlled AoE that applies Dendro, while also dealing a follow-up burst of damage via the Tri-Karma Purification after the elemental reaction triggers.
This team comp has excellent off-field elemental application via Yaoyao's elemental skill. Yuegui: Throwing Mode, which dishes out AoE Dendro damage and persists while switching characters. It's worth bearing in mind that Yaoyao
is
the only healer in this comp, so it's important not to overextend and use her elemental burst for the explosive healing unique to Yuegui's Adeptal Legacy state. Thankfully, the AoE damage inflicted on your characters from Nilou's Bountiful Cores is helpfully negated by Yuegui's enduring presence on the field, providing regenerative healing to any
Genshin Impact characters
below 70% HP.
Razer DeathAdder V2 Pro - Genshin Impact Edition
Razer DeathAdder V2 Pro - Genshin Impact Edition
Razer
$139.99
Buy Now
Network N earns affiliate commission from qualifying sales.
That's our best Genshin Impact Yaoyao team comp. If you're looking for an alternative to Nahida, it's worth spending a few wishes on the
Genshin Impact Alhaitham banner
- just check out his
ascension materials
so you can level him up as quickly as possible. You might also want to take a look at our
Genshin Impact Alhaitham team comp
guide if you're partial to switching up your synergies on the fly.