Genshin Impact – Ineffa build and materials guide
Find the best weapons and artifacts for Ineffa in Genshin Impact.
By
Marco Wutz
| Jul 29, 2025
HoYoverse
It’s time to clean the house with the
best Genshin Impact Ineffa build
and take out the trash. The first character from Nod-Krai, Ineffa introduces a brand-new Elemental Reaction and acts as a bit of a meta pioneer. She’s wielding Polearms in battle and deals Electro DMG.
Table of Contents
Best Ineffa weapons – Genshin Impact
Best Ineffa artifacts – Genshin Impact
Best Ineffa teams – Genshin Impact
Ineffa ascension materials – Genshin Impact
Ineffa’s Elemental Skill, Cleaning Mode: Carrier Frequency, deals Electro DMG to nearby foes, activates a shield that scales with her ATK, and summons Birgitta, an assistant robot that can attack enemies periodically.
Her Elemental Burst, Supreme Instruction: Cyclonic Exterminator, allows Ineffa to shoot Birgitta at enemies via Rocket Punches, dealing Electro DMG to nearby enemies. This move summons Birgitta if she’s not already on the field, or resets her duration if she was already active.
Any Electro-Charged Reaction triggered by Ineffa’s allies is converted into the Lunar-Charged Reaction. A Lunar-Charged Reaction forms a thundercloud on the battlefield, which continues dealing Electro DMG to targets affected by Electro and Hydro. Furthermore, this reaction can deal CRIT DMG, which scales based on all characters involved in creating the reaction. Ineffa further increases Lunar-Charged DMG based on her ATK.
When Birgitta is on the field and makes an attack while a thundercloud is active nearby, she can make additional attacks dealing Lunar-Charged DMG based on Ineffa’s ATK. Ineffa’s Elemental Burst bolsters the entire team’s Elemental Mastery based on her ATK as well.
Obtaining duplicates of Ineffa raises her Constellation Level and unlocks additional benefits:
Level
Effect
1
- Activating Ineffa’s shield increases the party’s Lunar-Charged DMG based on her ATK for 20s.
2
- Inflicts Punishment Edict on a random target hit by Ineffa’s Elemental Burst; after a short delay or when the afflicted enemy is defeated, nearby enemies take Electro DMG based on Ineffa’s ATK and counting as Lunar-Charged DMG.
- Activates Ineffa’s shield when using her Elemental Burst.
3
- Increases Skill Level by 3, up to 15.
4
- Ineffa recovers 5 Elemental Energy when party members trigger Lunar-Charged.
5
- Increases Burst Level by 3, up to 15.
6
- When affected by the buff described in C1, Ineffa can make off-field attacks to follow up on thundercloud strikes, dealing Electro DMG based on her ATK and counting as Lunar-Charged DMG.
Best Ineffa weapons – Genshin Impact
Ineffa and Birgitta. / HoYoverse
Ineffa is best equipped with her signature weapon, Fractured Halo. Providing additional CRIT DMG, this sawblade-topped Polearm temporarily increases the wielder’s ATK after they used their Elemental Skill or Burst. If the wielder creates a shield while this buff is active, a teamwide buff bolstering Lunar-Charged DMG is activated. That last bit is extremely specific and clearly designed for Ineffa, who gains additional value as a Sub DPS with this extra buff.
Best weapons for Ineffa
:
Fractured Halo
(5-Star)
Staff of the Scarlet Sands
(5-Star)
Vortex Vanquisher
(5-Star)
Calamity Queller
(5-Star)
Ballad of the Fjords
(4-Star)
Missive Windspear
(4-Star)
Best Ineffa artifacts – Genshin Impact
Ineffa is an interesting case, since she derives strong benefits from both ATK and Elemental Mastery — usually, there is a clear distinction between them and you’ll want to get one or the other. Ineffa generally wants both, at least until she reaches a breakpoint of 2,000 ATK. This milestone maximizes the buff she provides to Lunar-Charged DMG.
Best Artifact Sets for Ineffa
:
Gilded Dreams
(4) – +80 Elemental Mastery; after triggering an Elemental Reaction, the wearer gains a buff depending on their team composition: +14% ATK for members of the same Elemental Type, +50 Elemental Mastery for members of other Elemental Types.
Best stats for Ineffa
:
Flower:
HP
(main stat), CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, ATK %, Elemental Mastery
Plume:
ATK
(main stat), CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, ATK %, Elemental Mastery
Sands:
ATK %
(main stat), CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, Elemental Mastery, Energy Recharge
Goblet:
ATK %
(main stat), CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, Elemental Mastery, Energy Recharge
Circlet:
CRIT DMG
or
CRIT Rate
(main stat), CRIT Rate or CRIT DMG, ATK %, Elemental Mastery, Energy Recharge
Best Ineffa teams – Genshin Impact
Ineffa at your service. / HoYoverse
Ineffa’s value is probably going to increase further as more Nod-Krai characters come out, but even without any compatriots she makes for a powerful Sub DPS unit.
Neuvillette
(Main DPS),
Furina
(Sub DPS),
Ineffa
(Sub DPS),
Xilonen
(Support)
Oh, what’s this? Neuvillette Electro-Charged has evolved into Neuvillette Lunar-Charged! Really, it’s nothing groundbreaking: You take a regular team with
Neuvillette
and
Furina
and replace its Electro unit with Ineffa to convert Electro-Charged Reactions into more potent Lunar-Charged Reactions.
Xilonen
retains her role as an all-round Support.
Ineffa ascension materials – Genshin Impact
You’ll want to quickly raise Ineffa’s level when you pull her, which means that you’ll need to farm her ascension materials. You’ll also require some material to upgrade her combat talents.
Here’s what you need to get Ineffa to level 90:
Vajrada Amethyst Sliver
x1
Vajrada Amethyst Fragment
x9
Vajrada Amethyst Chunk
x9
Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone
x6
Sentry’s Wooden Whistle
x18
Warrior’s Metal Whistle
x30
Saurian-Crowned Golden Whistle
x36
Glowing Hornshroom
x168
Secret Source Airflow Accumulator
x46
Mora
x2,092,530
Vajrada Amethyst can be obtained from any Electro-affiliated boss on the world map. Whistles drop from the warriors seeking glorious battle all over Natlan. Gathering Secret Source Airflow Accumulators requires you to defeat the Secret Source Automaton: Overseer Device in Natlan.
Glowing Hornshroom is a regional plant you’ll only find in Natlan. The best way to earn more Mora in the game is to farm Golden Ley Line Blossoms.
Here’s what you need to upgrade all of Ineffa’s talents to their maximum level:
Sentry’s Wooden Whistle
x18
Warrior’s Metal Whistle
x66
Saurian-Crowned Golden Whistle
x93
Teachings of Conflict
x9
Guide to Conflict
x63
Philosophies of Conflict
x114
Eroded Sunfire
x18
Crown of Insight
x3
Mora
x4,957,500
For the materials already mentioned, check above. You’ll need to visit the Blazing Ruins domain in Natlan on Wednesday, Saturday, and Sunday to farm Scrolls of Conflict. Eroded Sunfire is a boss item only dropped by the Lord of Eroded Primal Fire, so you’ll need to head to Natlan to defeat him.
Crowns of Insight are a rare item gained from time-limited events or regional reward mechanics like the Grand Narukami Shrine in Inazuma, the Tree of Dreams in Sumeru, the Fountain of Lucine in Fontaine, or the Tablet of Tona in Natlan.
Genshin Impact – All current and upcoming characters. dark. Next. Genshin Impact – All current and upcoming characters
Home
/
Guides