Genshin Impact: Best Team Compositions For Qiqi
By
Rhenn Taguiam
Updated
Apr 4, 2022, 11:30 AM EDT
Rhenn is a Manila-based content writer with a love for all things geek and pop culture, and science and technology. He has
over 1,900 articles
to his name, most of which exploring the many dimensions of video games. Rhenn is well-versed in all things pop culture, taking his journalistic prowess to the next level as the editor-in-chief for Philippines-based
What's A Geek!
.
Rhenn is a seasoned player of
Dungeons & Dragons
and
World of Darkness
of 10+ years, with a couple hundred hours in
Baldur's Gate 3
,
World of Warcraft
, and
Valorant
.
Rhenn graduated
BA Journalism
degree as a
Cum Laude
, and has since then pursued making content about geek culture.
Sign in to your
GameRant
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Qiqi
Cryo
Sword
Liyue
Guides
Ascension
Builds
Weapons
Team Comp
Constellation
Player Mistakes
Back to All Characters
Qiqi always gives off the impression of a cute girl due to her small stature, leading people to forget about her nature as a zombie. Being an apprentice pharmacist,
Genshin Impact
players can find Qiqi working at Bubu Pharmacy.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Every 4-Star Character, Ranked
Players with Qiqi on their teams find this Cryo Sword user quite an asset for her
massive healing potential
. Being one of the best Support characters in the game, Qiqi remains a must-have in any team. Those who want to take Qiqi a step further will want to build a team around her strongest assets. When she has the right teammates with her, Qiqi can maximize her healing potential and decent burst damage capabilities.
Updated on April 4, 2022, by Rhenn Taguiam:
With
Yae Miko
gracing the
Genshin Impact
2.5 Update with her Electro prowess, fans eagerly await the arrival of
Kamisato Ayato
as a new Hydro master in the 2.6 Update. And with this new hero carrying a penchant for swordsmanship, it’s easy for players to pair his offensive nature with the likes of Qiqi with a penchant for defense. However, before players measure the Frozen aptitude of both Qiqi and Ayato when their elements synergize, fans might want to check whether Qiqi can work well with other heroes, first.
Keqing, Xingqiu, Venti
Qiqi can become a formidable healer in a rather offensive party, such as one composed of
Keqing
(Electro),
Xingqiu
(Hydro), and
Venti
(Anemo). In this kind of build, Qiqi can provide invaluable healing power as these three other heroes rake up the damage numbers with fast-paced attacks.
In this particular build,
Keqing and Xingqiu secure the offensive
by attacking opponents with a barrage of attacks that they can’t keep up with. Players who try to stray away can be handled by Venti gathering them in another position, with
Qiqi providing gradually-boosted healing
along the way.
Keqing, Kaeya, Lisa
Players who want to take advantage of Superconduct statuses might want to get this composition, especially with Qiqi on the lead as healer while
Keqing
(Electro) stays as DPS
and
Kaeya
(Cryo) and
Lisa
(Electro) as frontline support.
In this build, Kaeya can shred enemies on her path with boosted criticals, with Kaeya potentially spamming his freezes on unsuspecting enemies. Lisa’s penchant for AOE attacks can provide unprecedented support to allies in terms of zoning, so the rest of the party can obliterate the enemy quickly.
Qiqi’s healing specialization adds a much-needed layer of survivability
to the party at large.
Razor, Fischl, Kaeya
Players who want a more straightforward take on damage might want to pair Qiqi with the likes of
Razor
(Electro),
Fischl
(Electro), and
Kaeya
(Cryo). With this particular build, Qiqi stays as healer but at the same time gets the damage rating that people don’t normally get, courtesy of the DPS specialization of the other heroes.
For instance, Razor’s offensive nature compliments well
the defensive archery of Fischl
, covering both long and short-ranged aspects of combat. Kaeya freezing enemies can be a great deterrent to any sort of counter-offensive they might employ, while
Qiqi’s gradual heals
can secure survivability to the party.
Razor, Fischl, Chongyun
Players who want a more hardcore take on offense might want to add Qiqi to a team composed of
Razor
(Electro),
Fischl
(Electro), and
Chongyun
(Cryo). This time around,
the aggressive nature of both Razor and Chongyun
can secure heavy damage to enemies despite a bit of a speed debuff.
However, Chongyun’s freezing capabilities and Fischl’s long-ranged archery can provide constant deterrents to the enemy’s advancing abilities, allowing players to enjoy employing devastating combos while
Qiqi provides much-needed healing
whenever the players require a bit of health.
Bennett, Diluc, Venti
Thanks to Qiqi’s natural burst and healing potential, she can fit
right into almost any setup
. Her best lineups include synergies with the likes of
Bennett
(Pyro),
Diluc
(Pyro), and
Venti
(Anemo).
With this comp, Qiqi can easily
grant heals via her elemental skill
whenever she attacks. In fact, her Elemental Burst incentivizes heavy-DPS, as it grants healing whenever allies deal damage. On top of that, Bennett’s buffing toolkit can further enhance the team’s overall DMG output. With his Pyro Resonance with Diluc, Bennett can reinforce Diluc to become the team’s primary DPS. Thanks to Venti’s Anemo control, the party also gains reasonable crowd control to
easily proc Qiqi’s burst-heal-attack rotation.
Xingqiu, Klee, Sucrose
With Qiqi’s burst-based healing, her synergies work well with
multi-element interactions
. A great example of this is a team of
Xingqiu (Hydro), Klee (Pyro), and Sucrose (Anemo).
Xingqiu’s buffs support Qiqi at early levels, even without Bennett’s DMG boost.
Likewise, Sucrose acts as a great sub for Venti, as her crowd control kit can help Qiqi proc more elemental interactions with ease. However, more interesting things happen with Klee in the picture. While the previous build will have Diluc serve as primary DPS, Klee’s sheer firepower enables her to both tank and deal damage. With Qiqi’s active talisman,
Klee can take on damage and constantly provide healing
to the team thanks to Qiqi’s burst-heal-attack strategy.
Keqing, Diluc, Venti
At first glance, a team with
Keqing
(Electro),
Diluc
(Pyro), and
Venti
(Anemo)
can be difficult to build due to their 5-Star rating. However, obtaining them is worth the rolls due to their potential to max DPS. With this lineup, Qiqi can tap into her natural burst-heal capabilities while becoming a sub-DPS of her own.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Team Compositions For Zhongli
While Qiqi
constantly heals her teammates
, the rest of the team can
dish out decent DPS
. Keqing gives great maneuverability, whereas both Diluc and Venti boast powerful crowd control abilities. When in a pinch, Qiqi can provide emergency heals to ensure maximum survivability among the party.
Fischl, Diluc, Mona
Sometimes, a multi-Element team can maximize Qiqi's healing potential. With
Fischl
(Electro),
Diluc
(Pyro), and
Mona
(Hydro),
Qiqi may just have a squad that can dish out a ton of damage and makes room for Qiqi's healing. Diluc can act as the team's Primary DPS, with both Fischl and Mona in Secondary DPS roles.
This gives the team a lot of time to rake up high damage numbers quickly. Thanks to Qiqi's burst healing, her damage output can also
whittle the enemy's ranks while healing everyone in the vicinity.
The fast-paced nature of this build can give Qiqi more than enough room to showcase her healing talents without risking the team's overall survivability.
Xiangling, Diluc, Mona
Despite the lack of a basic Resonance, Qiqi can capitalize on her burst healing capabilities with a multi-hit team. This potential is fulfilled with a team of
Xiangling
(Pyro),
Diluc
(Pyro), and
Mona
(Cryo).
At its core, the Pyro Resonance between Xiangling and Diluc can capitalize on their base attack potential.
Moreover, the Melt Reaction with Mona can pose problems against opponents in the early stage. Interestingly enough, another interesting advantage of this lineup is each team's fast-paced multi-hit potential. Each character, being DPS in their own right, can dish out attacks as many times as possible and cause multiple Reactions. In addition to Qiqi's burst healing, this team can deal substantial damage on the get-go.
Klee, Diluc, Venti
Qiqi and her burst healing can benefit from
powerful elemental combinations
. This powerset becomes apparent with
Diluc
(Pyro),
Klee
(Pyro), and
Venti
(Anemo).
Diluc and Klee alone will grant them extra DMG courtesy to Pyro Resonance.
With Diluc’s DPS potential and Klee’s burst capabilities, this pairing alone should excel in group battles. This potential is cemented by the fact that
Venti’s crowd control mastery
can gather people in one place, where Klee can dish out her stronger bursts. With Qiqi’s burst-attack-heal specialization, the team gets much-added survivability in extended boss fights.
Keqing, Diluc, Sucrose
Players looking for more fast-paced battles will appreciate a team with
Keqing (Electro), Diluc (Pyro), and Sucrose (Anemo).
Once Qiqi activates her elemental skills, her attacks alone can constantly heal her teammates. Thanks to Diluc and Keqing, Qiqi can proc both Melt and Superconduct reactions, further boosting the team’s overall DPS.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Team Compositions For Venti
To top off this team,
Sucrose's crowd control mastery
can keep enemies close for allies to eliminate. Thanks to the heavy DPS Diluc and mobile Keqing, Qiqi players should expect fast-paced battles with this team.
Chongyun, Hu Tao, Razor
Players who want a more stable and tempo-based comp will appreciate the combination of
Chongyun
(Cryo),
Hu Tao
(Pyro), and
Razor
(Electro).
With this setup,
Qiqi
can capitalize on her burst-heal-attack cycle
with the other burst capabilities of her teammates.
Not to mention, her
Cryo Resonance with Chongyun
can boost both their innate potential. With Chongyun and his Cryo procs,
enemies get a nasty debuff
that leaves them wide open to other attacks. This toolkit becomes a great complement to both Hu Tao and Razor, who excel in dishing out quick damage bursts. The three of them working together can provide the party with great DPS potential, with Qiqi on standby when it comes to emergency heals. Even without
a Geo user for defense
, this team is a powerhouse.
Chongyun, Keqing, Razor
Players looking for a comp with decent synergy should definitely try
Chongyun (Cryo), Keqing (Electro), and Razor (Electro).
Chongyun and Qiqi can engage in
Cryo Resonance
to further boost their CRIT Rate.
With Chongyun’s battle specialization, he can easily serve as the team’s main DPS. Meanwhile, Keqing and Razor get
Electro Resonance
that can further boost their overall performance. And with their Superconduct Reaction, Keqing can lower Physical DEF of enemies while Razor increases his own Physical DMG. Razor alone can dish out massive DPS with his own Elemental Burst.
Xiao, Keqing, Razor
Despite the lack of a Cryo partner, Qiqi can capitalize on her support potential with a rock-solid team that focuses on offense. This potential is fulfilled with
Xiao
(Anemo),
Keqing
(Electro), and
Razor
(Electro).
Keqing and Razor, being offensive specialists, will benefit from their
Electro Resonance
that can boost their base stats.
Moreover, Keqing's Superconduct Reactions can lower the enemy's Physical DEF. This syncs well with Razor's Superconduct Reactions that increase his Physical DMG. Keqing's diverse role can position her as an efficient
DPS
, whether Primary or Secondary. Meanwhile, Razor can provide much-needed firepower with his
Elemental Bursts
. Lastly, an Anemo user like
Xiao can maximize Qiqi's healing and stabilize encounters with crowd control.
Genshin Impact
was released in 2020 and is playable on PC, PS4, Android, and iOS.
Strategy Guides
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which big Capcom franchise is your favorite?
Mega Man
Mega Man
25.1%
Resident Evil
Resident Evil
26.1%
Monster Hunter
Monster Hunter
12.9%
Street Fighter
Street Fighter
11.3%
Devil May Cry
Devil May Cry
12.9%
Other (A Capcom franchise not listed here)
Other (A Capcom franchise not listed here)
11.6%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
One Piece Unveils Zoro And Sanji's Elbaph Opponents — Their Biggest Fight Yet In The Final Saga
7 Iconic 2000s Shonen Anime That Became More Popular Over Time
Man Accused of Stealing $34,000 Worth of LEGOs From Target in Scheme That Involved Pasta