From giant medicine pills to heart-shaped syringes and bouncy bubbles, Sigewinne is one of Genshin Impact's cutest Hydro units. Here's everything you need to know to build the five-star Hydro bow user.
Recommended Videos
Table of Contents
Best weapons for Sigewinne in Genshin Impact
Best Artifacts & substats for Sigewinne in Genshin Impact
Sigewinne's best Artifact substats
Genshin Impact Sigewinne Talent upgrade priority
Best team for Sigewinne in Genshin Impact
More Posts from PGG
Best weapons for Sigewinne in Genshin Impact
Given the lack of bow-wielding, HP-scaling healers in Genshin Impact, Sigewinne's signature weapon is her best-in-slot pick by a large margin as it was tailor-fitted for her exact kit. If you choose to use a different bow, you'll have to choose between a DMG or support-focused option.
Pouring Heartstrings
(best five-star, signature weapon) - This is Sigewinne's signature weapon, which offers a massive max HP boost whenever she obtains "Blessings." These can easily be obtained by using her Elemental Skill, increasing her Bond of Life value, and performing healing. With three Blessing stacks, she also gains an increase for her Elemental Burst CRIT Rate, where most of her DPS capacity comes from.
Favonius Warbow
(best four-star) - This four-star option is a versatile choice that works for both a DMG-focused or support-focused build, as it offers an Energy Recharge substat and a passive bonus dependent on landing CRIT hits.
Recurve Bow
(best three-star for support build) - A free-to-play three-star option that offers an HP substat, making it a great choice for a support build.
Alternative Weapons:
Elegy for the End
(best alternative five-star for support build)
Aqua Simulacra
(best alternative five-star for DMG build)
Polar Star
(DMG build)
Skyward Harp
(DMG build)
Sacrificial Bow
(support build)
Best Artifacts & substats for Sigewinne in Genshin Impact
Sigewinne is a two-way unit similar to Sangonomiya Kokomi, so she can both heal and deal damage. While you may be able to do a niche DPS build at higher Constellations, keep in mind that Sigewinne won't be able to deal much damage regardless. I recommend sticking to a support build that maximizes her healing and minor damage output on a quickswap rotation.
Ocean-Hued Clam
(support build) - This Artifact set offers a Healing Bonus and summons a bubble that becomes stronger through accumulated healing, then deals a bit of damage after bursting. It's a great way to increase Sigewinne's Healing Bonus while also giving her a DPS increase.
This Artifact set can be obtained from the Slumbering Court Domain in Inazuma.
Song of Days Past
(support build) - Offers a Healing Bonus and further buffs the party whenever teammates are healed. It's a great option to bring in additional utility for Sigewinne, especially if you don't run a buffer in the team.
This Artifact set can be obtained from the Waterfall Wen Domain in Liyue.
Tenacity of the Millelith
(support build) - Offers an HP boost and gives the team an ATK and Shield Strength buff whenever Sigewinne's Skill hits an enemy. It's a great option if you're running a shielder in the team.
This Artifact set can be obtained from the Ridge Watch. Domain in Fontaine.
Emblem of Severed Fate
(best for DPS build; high Constellation recommended) - Offers an Energy Recharge bonus and boosts Sigewinne's Elemental Burst DMG, where most of her DPS output will come from.
This Artifact set can be obtained from the Momiji-Dyed Court Domain in Inazuma.
Two-piece combos
- These two-piece combos are options if you want to customize Sigewinne's build. Combining two-piece HP sets will be ideal for a support build.
Ocean-Hued Clam (+15% Healing Bonus)
Song of Days Past (+15% Healing Bonus)
Maiden Beloved (+15% Healing Bonus)
Tenacity of the Millelith (+20% HP)
Emblem of Severed Fate (+20% Energy Recharge)
Heart of Depth (+15% Hydro DMG Bonus)
Nymph's Dream (+15% Hydro DMG Bonus)
Sigewinne's best Artifact substats
Sands
: HP
Goblet
: HP (support) or Hydro DMG Bonus (DPS)
Circlet
: Healing Bonus (support) or CRIT (DPS)
Substats
: HP, Energy Recharge, some CRIT if needed for a DPS build
You need a minimum of 50,000 HP to maximize Sigewinne's abilities, though keep in mind that external sources of HP (such as Hydro Resonance) can help build this number. For Energy Recharge, you can stick to a comfortable range of 130% to 180%, depending on your team composition. More Hydro units and Favonius weapons in the team will reduce Sigewinne's ER requirement.
Genshin Impact Sigewinne Talent upgrade priority
Sigewinne is highly dependent on her Elemental Skill to provide team-wide healing. It's the top-priority option regardless of her build.
Elemental Skill:
Rebound Hydrotherapy
Elemental Burst:
Super Saturated Syringing
If you're building Sigewinne as a healer, you don't need to rush to level up her Burst, as it mainly contributes to her damage, which is negligible in a support setup. But if you're building her as a DPS, then you will want to max out her Elemental Burst at one point. You can completely ignore her Normal Attack, which won't deal much damage even when maxed out.
Best team for Sigewinne in Genshin Impact
As someone who provides team-wide healing, Sigewinne can be slotted into practically any team that needs help with surviving tough battles. Here are some team template ideas you can use:
General healer
- Since Sigewinne offers team-wide and consistent healing, she can be slotted into any team that needs more survivability.
Bloom team
- Sigewinne + Dendro applicator (Nahida, Yaoyao) + Dendro + Hydro (allot a DPS and sub-DPS between the last two Dendro and Hydro slots)
Taser team
- Sigewinne + Anemo Swirl support (Kazuha, Sucrose) + Electro + Hydro (allot a DPS and sub-DPS between the last two Electro and Hydro slots)
Triple Hydro
- Sigewinne + Hydro DPS + Hydro sub-DPS + Anemo Swirl support (Kazuha, Sucrose)
For more on Sigewinne, check out our
Genshin Impact Sigewinne Farming Guide – All Talent & Ascension materials
here on Pro Game Guides.
More Posts from PGG