Genshin Impact: Best Team Members For Noelle
By
James Kennedy
Updated
Jul 23, 2022, 6:30 PM EDT
James is a writer for TheGamer. He typically spends his time playing games, thinking about games, overanalyzing games, and sleeping. While he has an appreciation for all genres, he is especially interested in fighting games and RPGs. He also enjoys reading books and watching movies and will happily overanalyze those as well.
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Noelle
is a tough cookie who has a number of attributes that can help strengthen nearly any team - mainly her incredible survivability, high DPS potential, and ability to heal. But, like every other character in
Genshin Impact
, there are a number of synergistic elements that will help her play better with some characters than others.
Related:
Genshin Impact: Pro Tips For Playing As Noelle
Once again, you could absolutely make her work with any team, this is especially true if you are using her as a support unit. So, don't feel like you have to build a team around her, these are just some characters who work extra well with Noelle.
Updated July 21, 2022 by James Kennedy:
You can't sweep this maid under the rug! Despite being an OG, Noelle is still a character with an immense fanbase. So, there is still a lot of interest when it comes to building the best, and most unique, team around her. When constructing the best Noelle team, there are a ton of factors to consider. However, one of the best elements of Noelle is how versatile she can be. So, while some characters in Genshin Impact feel like they need to be tethered to pretty specific teams, Noelle's team comp can be a little more fluid. The characters we are highlighting with this update are, on some level, a little more fringe. However, we think they are interesting enough pairings that they deserve a little recognition.
12
Arataki Itto
Itto is not necessarily the best Geo team member for Noelle. One of the biggest issues is that
he needs a lot of the same resources as Noelle
. So, it makes building both of them at the same time extremely laborious. However, he is
still
a Geo character, and since Geo synergy is extremely strong, it results in making Itto a pretty solid character to pair with Noelle (despite maybe not being the
best
Geo user to pair with Noelle).
On the positive end of things, both Itto and Noelle will more than likely need a little downtime. So, you can swap them out for each other and create an effective DPS rotation. They also have some interesting synergy in that Itto has a moveset that is more aimed toward fighting individuals, while Noelle's big sweeping attacks are more suited to crowd control.
If you like Itto and Noelle, this is absolutely a pairing that can work. Though, unlike some of the highest-ranking pairings on this list, you will probably have to put in a little extra elbow grease in order to make it highly effective.
11
Beidou
Functionally,
Beidou
is like another
Fischl
. But she doesn't have all the same upsides. While she is pretty good at generating particles, that is only when she is active, whereas Fishchl can generate particles with Oz while she is off the battlefield. However, Beidou's Burst—Stormbreaker—does remain active even if she leaves the battlefield. Needless to say, Noelle buffed with Stormbreaker is more than a little potent.
Related:
Genshin Impact: Pro Tips For Playing As Beidou
It should also be mentioned that Beidou has her
own
shield as well; one that pairs well with Noelle's. Ultimately,
Noelle can grant Beidou, who can be a bit of a glass cannon, a substantial amount of survivability
. Noelle will probably have to take a more secondary role in order for this party to be potent, but these two can absolutely work well together.
10
Ganyu
One great thing about pairing
Ganyu
with Noelle is that she can freeze her opponents and keep them stuck in place, which is an excellent opportunity for Noelle to pull out one of her giant spinning attacks. Better yet,
Ganyu does outstanding amounts of damage
.
Even if you are building Noelle as DPS, she will still be able to act as your healer, so you don't have to be worried about her taking one of those DPS slots. Ganyu's burst also stacks nicely with Noelle's. Since Ganyu is often a little on the fragile side, Noelle can lend her a substantial amount of survivability. Overall, Ganyu is probably the best Cryo character to accompany everyone's favorite knight in training.
9
Xingqiu
Here we have another character who emphasizes all of Noelle's strengths nicely. A great thing about
Xingqiu
is that he barely ever needs to be on the screen. Both his Elemental Skill and his Elemental Burst transfer to the active player. So, he can pop in, use them, and jump right back out. He also adds a little more healing and even a little more resistance.
Xingqiu becomes more consistent with the more constellations you have for him. After he has acquired his sixth, he is a no-brainer. He is also a fantastic addition if you are looking to freeze your opponents and already have a Cryo user in the party. Whether you include Xingqiu is going to largely depend on who else you plan on using, but he is a character that definitely has something to offer.
8
Albedo
If you have
Albedo
in your pool of characters, he is another excellent Geo user to pair with Noelle. He is a fantastic energy generator, which is always useful. His energy-generating abilities even ratchet up another level once he gets his first constellation. Albedo also has the distinct advantage of being able to dish out damage while not even being active. He places down Geo constructs, which will damage enemies while he is off the battlefield.
Related:
Genshin Impact: Best Team Members For Albedo
One of the few negatives about running Albedo with Noelle is that he is best with the Husk Of Opulence artifact set, which is one of Noelle's best artifact sets as well. This can be a bit frustrating, as they are both competing for the same gear. Still, he is a fantastic character to add to the party and synergizes with Noelle nicely.
7
Traveler
While the Traveler has had a rocky run throughout the life of the game, they are in a far better place now than they have ever been - mostly due to them gaining the Electro form. When the Traveler is using their Electro element, they are an excellent battery and Noelle needs energy desperately.
Alternatively, Traveler isn't a bad battery as a Geo character, either which also provides that Geo synergy buff. The Geo version of the traveler will also create constructs that will benefit certain Geo teams greatly. If you are building a team on the cheap, don't be afraid to use the Traveler. They are capable and work nicely with
Noelle
.
6
Bennett
If you're looking to deal heavy damage with Noelle then
Bennett
is not a bad option. He provides a noteworthy damage boost by laying down his Fantastic Voyage Elemental Burst, which will buff your damage based on Bennett's attack stat.
He also provides a little healing in the process. So, while it seems a little on the unnecessary side, it does further the survivability of your party. Oh, and as one last bonus, Bennett has above-average energy generation. So, he can help get Noelle's Elemental Burst up and running quicker. Which is never a bad thing to have when building a Noelle team.
5
Yun Jin
With her Flying Cloud Flag Formation buff (which is granted through her burst),
Yun Jin
is able to increase Noelle's damage output dramatically. Additionally, since she is also a Geo elemental character, she imparts the Geo synergy buff.
The only issue here is that Yun Jin is also dependent on defense, so she is going to chase after the same artifacts as Noelle. This is unfortunately a pretty notable problem when trying to build a Geo team. Still, her Elemental Burst pairs brilliantly with Noelle, so for people looking to boost her DPS,
Yun Jin is a fantastic choice
.
4
Fischl
Here is a character who provides a number of the things that Noelle wants. For starters, she has excellent energy generation. Another benefit is that her Elemental Burst summons her
trusty companion Oz
, who will generate energy particles while attacking enemies. Best of all, Oz stays out even if Fischl retreats.
On top of Oz's standard attacks, Oz will also deal additional damage when the active character triggers an Electro-related reaction (which will happen frequently while using Noelle). Beyond that, Noelle's high defense, and ability to heal, help the often less-fortified Fischl quite a bit if you decide to run
her
as your DPS. Whether she is providing damage while being off the field, or acting as your primary DPS, Fischl pairs well with Noelle.
3
Zhongli
Right off the bat, Zhongli's resonating Stone Stele pillars help to increase damage over time considerably. These constructs interact with other Geo constructs as well, which means that if you are running a party that has other Geo users who place down constructs, he is an absolutely invaluable member of the team. He also has excellent DPS, so he can play both a DPS or a support role.
Related:
Genshin Impact: Zhongli Build Guide
Zhongli
also has a pretty powerful Elemental Burst that can lock opponents into place and Noelle
does
love to spin on sitting ducks. Lastly, he has the added benefit of his skills building off-of HP, not defense (unlike a number of other Geo characters), so he and Noelle won't be fighting over the same artifacts. Basically, when trying to build the ideal Noelle team composition, Zhongli is a fantastic choice.
Lists
Live-Service Games
Triple-A Games
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
26.4%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
19.8%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.0%
007 First Light
007 First Light
9.2%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.5%
Other
Other
21.1%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Mounts Are Disappearing After Crimson Desert's Latest Update
Arc System Works Says It Made Dragon Ball FighterZ SSJ4 Goku, But Fans Aren't Convinced
7 Best Family Board Games In 2026