Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact: Noelle Hangout Guide - How to Get All Endings
Maid-knight at your service!
By
Cedric Pabriga
Updated
:
Jul 13, 2021 9:35pm UTC
4 comments
In Genshin Impact, Noelle is a maid aiming to be a part of the Knights of Favonius. She asks you for advice on how to qualify as a knight and that’s where her hangout event begins. This guide focuses on what you need to do to unlock Chivalric Training (Noelle's first hangout event) and how to get all the endings.
How to Unlock Noelle’s Hangout Event
To unlock the hangout events in Genshin Impact, you have to meet two prerequisites:
Reaching
Prologue: Act III
2 Story Keys
Story keys can be claimed by doing 8 daily commissions. Meanwhile, Prologue: Act III can be reached by advancing the game’s story. Make sure to check out our
Genshin Impact walkthrough
if you're stuck.
After meeting the above prerequisites, navigate to the Quest menu and head to Story Quests/Hangout Events. Click the second tab at the top and you'll find an assortment of characters with hangout events available.
Before we move on, we want to point out that there are sometimes different ways to reach an ending. The dialogue options used in this guide are what we chose to reach that specific ending.
More Genshin Impact Guides
Noelle Hangout Event Part 2 - All Endings Guide
Diona Hangout Event - All Endings Guide
Chongyun Hangout Event - All Endings Guide
Barbara Hangout Event - All Endings Guide
How to Get Noelle's Chivalric Training Hangout Endings in Genshin Impact
During an event, Noelle and a bunch of dialogue options will appear in front of you. Choosing certain responses will progress the event while others may result in her losing hearts. If a character’s heart drops too low, there’s a chance they’ll leave you and the event will stop. This guide will help you avoid that! Now, without further ado, here is how to get all of Noelle’s Chivalric Training endings.
Whisper of the Paper Rose Ending
The Whisper of the Paper Rose ending has both you and Noelle helping Bea figure out what to do about her date while teaching Noelle how to take a break.
Is this... "maid-knight" attire?
Of course, where do you want to start?
Maidly duties?
What you lack is rest.
If you're too busy, you won't have time to reflect on your progress and goals.
In Lisa's case, I'm afraid it's probably just resting for the sake of resting.
I'll certainly do my best...
Maybe the frequent small talk...
Gifts convey our intentions, we should choose carefully.
Roses and handmade things both sound nice.
Actually, I'm here to buy a gift for Noelle.
The Frostening Bottle...
After this, you’ll go around Mondstadt taking pictures of scenic spots to help Bea choose where to go for her date.
Cape Oath...
Would you like to go there with me?
So this is the responsibility that you put on yourself?
You already possess the greatest qualities of a knight.
A Conundrum Called Love Ending
Similar to the ending above, A Conundrum Called Love will have both you and Noelle helping Bea, but this time, Noelle’s knowledge about romance is lacking.
Is this... "maid-knight" attire?
Of course, where do you want to start?
Maidly duties?
What you lack is rest.
If you're too busy, you won't have time to reflect on your progress and goals.
In Lisa's case, I'm afraid it's probably just resting for the sake of resting.
I'll certainly do my best...
Maybe the frequent small talk...
It shouldn't matter, it's the thought that counts.
But now's not the best time to disturb them...
You're taking a break, remember?
...Noelle...
Can I take a look?
After this exchange, check the table in front of you to read Noelle’s study notes. You'll get an achievement for doing so.
A Defender’s Will Is Their Strength Ending
The Knights of Favonius have... maids?
Of course, where do you want to start?
Knightly exercises?
What you lack is strength!
This prompts an exhibition of Noelle’s strength in the Knights of Favonius’s Training Grounds. You’ll be surrounded by training dummies. Head over to the middle and bulldoze everything using Noelle’s charge attack.
Is it because you lack real-world fighting experience?
Noelle, you rarely leave Mondstadt for training, right?
Slimes are a good starting point.
The next encounter is similar to the one with the training dummies, but you have to kill monsters this time.
Unity and teamwork allow each knight to better utilize their strengths.
We were quite far away...
You've gotten stronger.
This wasn't training... you were trying to protect someone.
In the future, don't leave everything to Noelle.
A Maid Above Ground Ending
This ending will have the Traveler urging Noelle to gain more strength.
The Knights of Favonius have... maids?
Of course, where do you want to start?
Knightly exercises?
What you lack is strength!
(Training Dummy section)
Because... you still need more strength!
During the previous ending, you were up against slimes and other monsters. This time, you'll have to mine and fight off some monsters.
Not at all.
So the training targets were just mining outcrops...
Your strength blew me away!
A Cold Reception Ending
In the Cold Reception ending, you and Noelle meet a suspicious man outside Mondstadt claiming to be a merchant.
The Knights of Favonius have... maids?
You know... it's okay not to be a knight.
No matter how small the tasks, they still need someone to take care of them. I do small tasks all the time.
Besides, you don't exactly mind such tasks, right?
Think of every small task as a kind of training.
Not a trace.
They weren't exactly twice your height.
Leave it to Noelle. She can take care of the situation.
...Noelle's way of showing hospitality.
Easier to obtain?
This one was made especially for you.
Noelle, do we have anything else on the itinerary?
She's a maid of the Knights of Favonius.
This one was made especially for you.
Allow me.
If you understand, then nothing needs to be said.
He had to get back, it had nothing to do with you.
Goodbye, Miss Maid Ending
Like the last ending, Goodbye, Miss Maid will have you and Noelle meet a suspicious merchant, but this time, there is a much more positive conclusion.
The Knights of Favonius have... maids?
You know... it's okay not to be a knight.
No matter how small the tasks, they still need someone to take care of them. I do small tasks all the time.
Besides, you don't exactly mind such tasks, right?
Think of every small task as a kind of training.
Not a trace.
They weren't exactly twice your height.
I'll keep an eye on him. Nothing bad will happen.
Many times your height, without jumping.
...Noelle's way of showing hospitality.
Brewing process?
It's just Noelle's way of showing hospitality.
Where are we going after the meal?
She's a future knight of Favonius
It's just Noelle's way of showing hospitality.
You two clearly aren't talking about the same thing...
Cedric Pabriga is a freelance writer for IGN. He spends most of his day listening to music or playing video games. He also writes short stories in his spare time. You can follow him on Twitter @IchikaRika.
IGN Logo
Recommends
Invincible Creator Robert Kirkman Says Tech Jacket was Gender-Swapped to Address a Comic Book 'Shortcoming'
Action-Focused Roguelite Dragon Quest Smash/Grow Launches on iOS and Android
Dress to Impress Codes (April 2026)
271
In This Article
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Initial Release:
Sep 27, 2020
+2
Rate this game
Related Guides
Overview
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna IV Release Time and Details
Genshin Impact Luna III Details and Patch Notes
Comments