Noelle Build and Recommended Team
by
Percy
Jan 14, 25
•
EN
2
0
Report
Comments
0
AD
Overview
Noelle is a Geo character who provides respectable on-field damage and teamwide healing. She wields a claymore and can shield herself, making her a very comfortable character to play. Her main weakness is her lack of particle generation, so she needs to be paired with another Geo character – this will also enable Geo resonance, which is important for her damage. Aside from a Geo battery, Noelle also synergizes well with Furina, a powerful 5-star Hydro sub-dps and buffer who needs a healer like Noelle to operate. Furina enables Noelle to use the Marechaussee Hunter artifact set, which can be farmed in the same domain as Furina's best artifact set (Golden Troupe), making it quite efficient to build both characters.
AD
Constellations
All of Noelle's constellations are noticeable improvements to her kit. At C0, Noelle's healing inconsistent, so she needs at least C1 to be viable in challenging content. At C1, she becomes a good driver and healer, but her personal damage won't be impressive. At C6, her damage becomes more worthwhile to invest in.
Level and Talents
As a unit who benefits from both ATK and DEF, Noelle gains more value from character levels than many other units do. However, she is not a hypercarry, and she doesn't rely on transformative reactions to deal damage, so she is not the highest priority for level 90 investment either.
All of Noelle's talents are worth leveling to at least 8. The priority for her damage is Normal Attack > Burst > Skill.
AD
Best weapons
Best artifact sets and main stats
AD
Recommended team
Sample rotation
E = skill
Q = burst
Nx = normal attack x times
D = dash (to reset attack strings or skip recovery times)
Xilonen EN2 Q > Furina EDQ > Yelan EQ N1–2 > Xilonen EN2 > Noelle EQ N3 D N3 > Yelan E N1–2 > Noelle N3 D N3
When using Xilonen's skill for the second time in the rotation, try to attack quickly and swap to Noelle in time for Noelle to get the particles. The same goes for Yelan's second skill, assuming she generates Favonius particles that can be fed to Noelle.
It is ideal to trigger Yelan's Favonius Bow twice per rotation. Depending on the bow's refinement level and Yelan's crit rate, this may not be reliable, in which case Noelle might need about 150% ER. Particles dropped from enemies will lower this requirement.
AD
Other team ideas
Other guides
Noelle Quick Guide – KQM
Condensed guide to character building – Tacter
Character Meta Tier List – Tacter
AD
Percy
Updated Jan 14, 25