The Best Team Members For Furina In Genshin Impact
By
Sanyam Jain
Published
Nov 12, 2023, 7:30 AM EST
Sanyam Jain is a Staff Writer at TheGamer who has worked as a professional gaming journalist since 2022. A Journalism and Mass Communication graduate, he has been testing the limits of the games he plays for as long as he can remember.
An expert in RPG, Open-World, and Gacha games, Sanyam's articles are based on hours upon hours of testing with every new character, mechanic, or puzzle to ensure that you get every information you'll need about it.
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Furina-Centered Team
Furina Bloom Team
Buff Hu Tao Even More
The Fontaine Party
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Ever since the start of
Genshin Impact
, you'll already realize the importance of team composition. The game's combat revolves around the seven elements and their reactions. While there are a few exceptions where you don't need elemental reactions, most characters in the game still get the most value when you use them.
Related
Genshin Impact: Best Builds For Furina
Furina is the fifth Archon to be released as a playable character in Genshin Impact, and here's everything you need to know about her best builds.
Posts
By
Sanyam Jain
Furina
is a five-star Sword character released during the Version 4.2 update for the first time. She has a special turret-type damage, which allows her to deal significant numbers even when she's not on the field. However, she might not seem as good until you use her with the right characters.
Furina-Centered Team
Xiangling
Furina
Yelan
Jean
Being the dramatic queen that she is,
Furina would love a team that revolves around her
, and this is exactly what this one is for. She's the most important character of Fontaine and of this team, which also makes it one of the best teams you can put her in. The presence of double Hydro characters also triggers Hydro Resonance here.
Having two or more Hydro characters in the team
increases all party members' HP by 25 percent
, which is perfect for Furina.
Whenever you use Furina's Skill, she spawns three celebrants that deal constant Hydro DMG to the surrounding enemies. These spirits can follow the enemies around the battlefield,
and they drain your team's HP to increase their own damage
. Furina can also switch the spirits by using a Charged Attack to heal her team members.
However, the healing
isn't the best part about her kit and you'll want to stay on the damage-dealing spirits
. This is why you need a character like Jean who can easily heal your characters back up with the right Energy Recharge. It's recommended to use the Viridescent Venerer set on Jean to get the Hydro DMG Bonus as well.
Viridescent Venerer can
increase the Swirled element's DMG by 40 percent
, and it's quite easy to Swirl Hydro with this team.
With Xiangling's Pyro application to trigger reverse-vaporize and Yelan's DMG increase from the Elemental Burst, this team can easily
delete all the surrounding enemies with the following rotation
:
Start by placing Furina's Elemental Skill and Burst since her
Skill lasts for the longest time and she needs to build her Fanfare from the Burst
.
Switch to Yelan and Xiangling to use their Elemental Skill and Burst as well. These will
start triggering all the reactions and dealing all the damage to the enemies
.
This gives time for your party members to lose some health, and
you can now switch to Jean and use her Skill and Burst
. Putting her on
Sacrificial Sword
will also give you a better chance to Swirl Hydro here while increasing her Energy Recharge.
Xiangling is the only Pyro character in the team, which means you'll
also need a ton of Energy Recharge on her
.
However, this isn't too hard since the Emblem of Severed Fate is her best artifact set.
Furina Bloom Team
Nahida
Furina
Nilou
Baizhu
Before we start talking about this team, it's important to note that the
DMG bonus from Furina's Ultimate doesn't apply to the Bloom reaction
. If that was the case, this team would arguably be one of the best in the game. However, it's still very good because of Nilou's ability to produce Bountiful Cores.
Bountiful Cores are special Cores that explode instantly and
deal exponentially more DMG in a larger area
.
However, it's required to have only Hydro and Dendro characters in the team for them to work.
Not a lot of people will have all these five-star characters, so you can
replace Nahida with any decent Dendro applicator and Baizhu with Yaoyao
. Nahida's personal DMG doesn't matter too much in this composition since it's not buffed by Quicken. Here's what the rotation for the team will look like:
Apply Nahida's Elemental Skill to all the enemies
on the field and then place
Furina's Elemental Skill while using her Burst
at the same time.
Switch over to Nilou and use her Elemental Skill thrice to
create the flower under your active character
for even more Hydro application.
Finally, use Baizhu's Elemental Skill and Burst for
constant healing on the entire team to negate the HP drain f
rom Furina.
Keep in mind that it's important to
keep your characters over 50 percent HP
in this team so that Furina can deal more DMG.
Buff Hu Tao Even More
Hu Tao
Furina
Yelan
Zhongli
Hu Tao is undoubtedly the strongest Pyro character in the game ever since her release, and that might not even change when the Pyro Archon is released. She already got a buff with the recent Hydro Resonance change, and
it seems like she's gotten buffed once again with Furina's release
due to her Burst
.
When characters gain or lose HP in Furina's Burst, she gains Fanfare points that increase the DMG of all characters. Similarly,
Yelan also increases every characters' DMG during her Burst.
All of this along with the 25 percent HP increase and Zhongli's DEF shred makes Hu Tao deal ungodly damage.
Hu Tao also needs to be
below 50 percent HP to deal more DMG
, which is easy to achieve with Furina.
However, there is a glaring problem in this team. Furina can only get Fanfare points when characters lose or gain HP, and her damage-dealing spirits
cannot drain party members' HP when they're at 50 percent
. You also can't use a healer here since you wouldn't want to heal Hu Tao, which leads you to a situation where your rotations will be much longer:
You'd first have to start by using Furina's Skill and Burst to build Fanfare
while you switch to Zhongli and get his shield
.
This can be followed by Yelan's Skill and Burst to apply even more Hydro to the enemies and
get all the DMG boosts for Hu Tao
.
During this, Hu Tao will lose a bunch of HP and you can then use her Skill to
start dealing a ton of damage to the enemies
, which is the best if you're fighting a single-target boss.
However, after this, you'll have to
change Furina's spirit and allow it to heal
all your party members except Hu Tao.
The last part might make this
team a little sluggish to use
, but it'll still deal more damage than you'll ever need.
The Fontaine Party
Wriothesley
Furina
Charlotte
Lynette
This best teams article wouldn't be justified if we didn't mention a Fontaine-based team for the Archon of Justice. With this team, you might not deal the most damage to the enemy, but
it's much easier to build the Fanfare points on Furina
and you can also keep the enemies frozen for a long time as long as they aren't bosses.
Here are all the reasons this team is perfect for building a ton of Fanfare on Furina:
Wriothesley loses HP when he attacks normally after activating his Skill and
gains HP upon doing a charged attack at low health
.
Lynette gains HP when she
hits an enemy with her Skill
and then rapidly loses HP for four seconds.
Furina already drains a ton of health with her Skill, and
you can use Charlotte Ultimate to heal all that back up
.
The rotation for this team is not as important, however it's still recommended to Swirl Hydro with Lynette's Burst so that you can constantly apply the element and
also increase Furina's DMG with the Viridescent Venerer set
. Wriothesley will be your on-field DPS for the team while Furina does a ton of off-field damage.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: Best Weapons For Furina
Live-Service Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
25.9%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
20.6%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.0%
007 First Light
007 First Light
8.1%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
10.9%
Other
Other
22.5%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
New Switch Game From Sunsoft Has An Absurdly Long Title
Crimson Desert Players Are Convinced Horse Racing Is Rigged
The Super Mario Galaxy Movie Is Unlikely To Make As Much As The Original