In Short
Yumemizuki Mizuki is a 5-star Anemo character who uses Catalysts and is an Anemo driver and healer.
She must be built around the Swirl reaction and paired with allies that can help her deal high amounts of swirl damage.
Mizuki can also act as an off-field healer and resistant shredder for most Hypercarry teams in Genshin Impact.
Click Here to Add Beebom as a Trusted Source
Add as a preferred source on Google
Update: Yumemizuki Mizuki build in Genshin Impact has been updated on February 12, 2025.
Genshin Impact 5.4 is here and it adds the new 5-star Anemo character — Yumemizuki Mizuki, to the roster. She is a good Anemo driver and healer with good resistance-shredding abilities. Yumemizuki Mizuki’s kit lets her enter the Dreamdrifter state, allowing her to deal damage to adjacent enemies and triggering swirl reactions pretty easily. Although her single target damage is fairly low, she can wreak havoc against multiple enemies. Here is everything you need to know about Yumemizuki Mizuki in Genshin Impact, including her build, kit, and materials.
Genshin Impact Yumemizuki Mizuki
Image Credit: Hoyoverse (via X/@genshinimpact, designed by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
Yumemizuki Mizuki is going to be the next 5-star Anemo character releasing in Genshin Impact 5.4 and she is from Inazuma. Here is everything you need to know about Yumemizuki Mizuki’s rarity, base stats, element, weapon and character type:
Rarity
: 5-star
Element (Vision)
: Anemo
Weapon Type
: Catalyst
Character type
: Anemo Driver and Healer
Max Base HP
: 12735
Max Base Attack
: 215
Max Base Defense
: 757
Base Crit Rate
: 5%
Base Crit Damage
: 50%
Bonus Elemental Mastery
: 115
Genshin Impact Yumemizuki Mizuki Build Overview
Image Credit: Hoyoverse (via X/@genshinimpact, screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
Here is a quick overview of the Yumemizuki Mizuki best build in Genshin Impact:
Artifact
: Viridescent Venerer (4-piece)
Weapon
: A Thousand Floating Dreams (5-star), Wandering Evenstar (4-star)
Main Stats
: Elemental Mastery (Sands), Elemental Mastery (Goblet), and Elemental Mastery (Circlet)
Sub Stats
:  Energy Recharge (135% or more) > Elemental Mastery (1000 or more) > Attack % = Crit
Team
: Mizuki, Fishcl, Venti, Nahida
For more options on Mizuki’s build, check out the individual sections for Mizuki’s artifacts, weapons, and teams given below.
Yumemizuki Mizuki Build: Best Artifact
Image Credit: Hoyoverse/Genshin Impact (screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
Viridescent Venerer (4-piece)
Instructor (4-piece)
Viridescent Venerer is the best Artifact set for Yumemizuki Mizuki
for any team that doesn’t have an Anemo DPS. This is considered one of the best support artifacts in the game as it increases the Swirl damage and decreases enemy Elemental Resistance to the element infused in the Swirl by 40%, which is a massive damage buff to the entire team.
Also Read:
Genshin Impact Lan Yan Build, Teams, and Weapons
If you have another Anemo DPS in the team, like Xiao or Wanderer, then you can use the Instructor set instead, which increases the Elemental Mastery for the entire team.
Yumemizuki Mizuki Build: Main and Sub Stats for Artifacts
Sands
: EM
Goblet
: EM
Circlet
: EM
Sub-stats
: ER > EM > Attack % = Crit
When it comes to the Artifact stats for Mizuki in Genshin Impact, you need to
prioritize Elemental Mastery
. Get Elemental Mastery for the Sands, Goblet, and Circlet. For sub-stats, prioritize reaching 135% more Energy Recharge first. Next, try to get 1000+ Elemental Mastery and follow-up with either Attack % or Crit Rate and Damage.
Yumemizuki Mizuki Build: Best Weapon
Image Credit: Hoyoverse/Genshin Impact (screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
A Thousand Floating Dreams
Sunny Morning Sleep In
Wandering Evenstar (R5)
Favonius Codex (R5)
Thrilling Tales of the Dragon Slayer (R5)
A Thousand Floating Dreams is currently the best 5-star Weapon for Yumemizuki Mizuki
in Genshin Impact, overshadowing her own signature weapon. This weapon gives a massive boost to both Mizuki and the entire team, making it the perfect choice for her. Other than that, her signature weapon “Sunny Morning Sleep In” is another great option as it increases her Elemental Mastery by a lot.
For 4-star options, Wandering Evenstar is the best weapon choice for Mizuki. Alternatively, you can also use Favonius Codex and Thrilling Tales of the Dragon Slayer.
Also Read:
Genshin Impact Codes (April 2026)
Yumemizuki Mizuki Build: Best Teams
Aggravate Teams
: Yumemizuki Mizuki, Fischl/Yae Miko, Venti/Kazuha/Lynette, Nahida
Burning Teams
: Yumemizuki Mizuki, Xiangling/
Mavuika
, Venti/Kazuha/Lynette,
Emilie
/Nahida
Taser Teams
: Yumemizuki Mizuki, Fischl/Yae Miko, Ororon, Furina
Hypercarry Teams (off-field support)
:
Arlecchino
,
Citlali
, Bennet, Yumemizuki Mizuki
Yumemizuki Mizuki is an Anemo Driver and healer, making her teams quite versatile. Her best teams will be around the Swirl reaction. As Aggravate increases the Swirl damage by a lot,
Aggravate teams become the best team for Mizuki
. Other than that, Mizuki also works great in Burning teams built around Swirl, as well as Taser teams. However, remember that all these teams require Yumemizuki Mizuki to be present on-field to get the most damage output.
When it comes to teams for her off-field role, she can work with most Hypercarry characters as a healer and resistance shredder.
Genshin Impact Yumemizuki Mizuki Kit
Image Credit: Hoyoverse (via YouTube/GenshinImpact, screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
Yumemizuki Mizuki Normal Attack (Pure Heart, Pure Dreams)
Normal Attack
: Deals Anemo damage and performs up to three attacks.
Charged Attack
: Deals AoE Anemo damage after a short casting time, which consumes a certain amount of Stamina.
Plunging Attack
: Mizuki plunges towards the ground from mid-air, dealing damage to all enemies in her path and deals additional AoE anemo damage upon impact with the ground.
Yumemizuki Mizuki Elemental Skill (Aisa Utamakura Pilgrimage)
After using her Elemental Skill, Mizuki enters the Dreamdrifter state. In this state, she floats above the ground and deals 1 instance of AoE Anemo damage to nearby enemies.
Dreamdrifter
: While in the Dreamdrifter state, she continuously drifts forward, dealing AoE Anemo Damage to nearby opponents at regular intervals. During this time, Yumemizuki Mizuki can control her direction of drift, and the pick-up distance of Yumemi Style Special Snacks from the Elemental Burst is increased. Increases the Swirl damage that nearby party members deal based on her Elemental Mastery. Dreamdrifter ends when Mizuki leaves the field or uses her Elemental Skill again.
Yumemizuki Mizuki Elemental Burst (Anraku Secret Spring Therapy)
Pulls in nearby objects and opponents, dealing AoE Anemo damage and summoning a Mini Baku.
Mini Baku
: Follows the current active character. At regular intervals, the Mini Baku will create 1 Yumemi Style Special Snack nearby. After a nearby active character picks up a Special Snack, if their HP is higher than 70%, the Snack will explode and unleash a Munen Shockwave, dealing 1 instance of AoE Anemo damage to nearby enemies. Otherwise, it will heal the one who picked it up based on her Elemental Mastery. When Mizuki herself triggers healing by picking up a Yumemi Style Special Snack, the amount of healing is increased by 100%. If some time passes without a Snack being picked up, it will explode and release a Munen Shockwave, dealing 1 instance of AoE Anemo damage to surrounding enemies
Yumemizuki Mizuki Passives
All Ailments Banished
: Party members have a chance to recover 30% additional HP when using healing foods that do not have reviving properties when Mizuki is in the party. The trigger chance for this effect increases with the corresponding character’s Friendship Level. This effect will always trigger if the Traveler is the character consuming healing food.
Bright Moon’s Restless Voice
: When she triggers the Swirl reaction while in her Dreamdrifter state, Dreamdrifter’s duration increases by 2.5 seconds. This effect can trigger once every 0.3 seconds for a maximum of 2 times per Dreamdrifter state.
Thoughts by Day Bring Dreams by Night
: When allies in the party hit opponents with Pyro, Hydro, Cryo, or Electro attacks, while she is in the Dreamdrifter state, her Elemental Mastery increases by 100 for 4 seconds.
Yumemizuki Mizuki Constellations
Image Credit: Hoyoverse (via YouTube/GenshinImpact, screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
C1
(In Mist-Like Waters): Mizuki continuously applies the “Twenty-Three Nights’ Awaiting” effect to nearby opponents for 3 seconds every 3.5 seconds when she is in the Dreamdrifter state. When an opponent is affected by Anemo Damage-triggered Swirl reactions while the aforementioned effect is active, the effect will be canceled and this Swirl instance has its Damage against this opponent increased by 900% of Mizuki’s Elemental Mastery.
C2
(Your Echo I Meet in Dreams): When entering the Dreamdrifter state, every Elemental Mastery point Yumemizuki Mizuki has will increase all nearby party members’ Pyro, Hydro, Cryo, and Electro DMG Bonuses by 0.04% until the Dreamdrifter state ends.
C3
(Till Dawn’s Moon Ends Night): Elemental Skill Level + 3
C4
(Buds Warm Lucid Springs): Picking up a Yumemi Style Special Snack from the Elemental Burst of Mizuki will both deal damage and heal, and will restore 5 energy to her. Energy can be restored this way 4 times per burst duration.
C5
(As Setting Moon Brings Year’s End):
C6
(The Heart Lingers Long): While Mizuki is in the Dreamdrifter state, Swirl damage dealt by nearby party members can Crit, with Crit Rate fixed at 30%, and Crit damage fixed at 100%.
Genshin Impact Yumemizuki Mizuki Materials
Here are all of Yumemizuki Mizuki’s character ascension materials:
1 Vayuda Turquoise Sliver
9 Vayuda Turquoise Fragment
9 Vayuda Turquoise Chunk
6 Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone
168 Sea Ganoderma
18 Old Handguard
46 Talisman of the Enigmatic Land
30 Kaguechi Handguard
36 Famed Handguard
420k Mora
Here are all of Yumemizuki Mizuki’s skill ascension materials:
3 Teachings of Transience
21 Guide to Transience
38 Philosophies of Transience
6 Old Handguard
22 Kaguechi Handguard
31 Famed Handguard
6 Fading Candle
1 Crown of Insight
1653k Mora
So, that’s everything you need to know about Yumemizuki Mizuki in Genshin Impact. If you have any questions about Yumemizuki Mizuki’s kit, build, or materials, ask us in the comment section below and we will try to help you out.
Related Articles
Genshin Impact Prune Kit, Materials, and Release Date
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Apr 15, 2026
Genshin Impact Nicole Kit, Materials, and Release Date
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Apr 14, 2026
Genshin Impact 6.6 Luna VII Banners
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Apr 14, 2026
#Tags
#Genshin Impact
Sanmay Chakrabarti
An old soul who loves CRPGs and Souls-Like to death. Takes pleasure in simplifying "Complex and Hard" games for casual players with tailored guides and videos. He loves to explore new places, read fantasy fiction, watch anime, and create wacky character builds in his off time. He also loves solving puzzles,  and is proud of maintaining his long winning streak on NYT Connections.
Comments
0
Leave a Reply
Cancel reply
Add new comment
Name
Email ID
Δ
Loading comments...
Recommended Articles
Genshin Impact Varka Build, Kit, Teams and Materials
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Linnea Build, Kit, and Weapons
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Illuga Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Jahoda Materials in Genshin Impact: All Materials and How to Farm Them
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Zibai Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Durin Materials in Genshin Impact: All Materials and How to Farm Them
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Durin Build — Best Teams, Artifacts, and Weapons
Sanmay Chakrabarti
More In Gaming
How to Get Free Thor Midgard Umber Skin in Marvel Rivals
Ajith Kumar
Spin a Anime Codes (April 2026)
Arnamoy Das
My Knife Farm Codes (April 2026)
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Plane Crash Simulator Codes (April 2026)
Bipradeep Biswas
Build a Farm Factory Codes (April 2026)
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Minecraft 26.2 Snapshot 4 Brings Sulfur Biome Changes and New Language
Bipradeep Biswas
Minecraft Dungeons 2: Expected Release Date, What to Expect, and More
Bipradeep Biswas