This article is over 1 years old and may contain outdated information.
The Crux is a very famous ship all over the seas, but more so in Liyue Harbor, and this fame is only due to its captain, Beidou, a sailor of more renown than her ship. The Crux crew is known for
defeating colossal monsters
, navigating dangerous seas, and even challenging Inazuma’s border closure. These feats are due to Beidou’s resilience and because she always has the best
Genshin Impact
builds and weapons for every member of her team.
[September 2 – Added additional details and changed images]
The Best Artifacts for Beidou
Image Source: HoYoverse via The Nerd Stash
Related:
All Sethos Ascension & Talent Materials in Genshin Impact
These artifacts will significantly complement the strength of the Queen of the Crux Fleet:
Emblem of Severed Fate
2-Pieces:
Energy Recharge +20%.
4-Pieces:
Increases Elemental Burst DMG by 25% of Energy Recharge. A maximum of 75% bonus DMG can be obtained in this way.
Gilded Dreams
2-Pieces:
Elemental Mastery +80.
4-Pieces:
Within 8s of triggering an Elemental Reaction, the character equipping this will obtain buffs based on the Elemental Type of the other party members. ATK is increased by 14% for each member whose Elemental Type is the same as the equipping character, and EM is increased by 50 for every member with a different Elemental Type. Each of the buffs will count up to 3 characters. This effect can be triggered once every 8s and even when not on the field.
Thundering Fury + Noblesse Oblige
2-Pieces each:
Gain a 15% Electro DMG Bonus and a 20% Elemental Burst DMG Bonus.
Emblem of Severed Fate:
With this set, you will get a massive Electro DMG, but you will need to use her Burst constantly and get more than 180 Energy Recharge to achieve it. This way, you can create other Elemental Reactions with Electro.
Gilded Dreams:
This set’s Elemental Mastery is ideal for Support builds with Beidou and teams with some Dendro characters of
Genshin Impact
. With this set, you can focus on Quicken reactions, taking advantage of the captain’s Burst.
Thundering Fury + Noblesse Oblige:
Using these artifacts will make your Beidou more offensive, although the DMG and reactions will come from using her Skill as much as possible instead of her Burst.
The Best Weapons
Image Source: HoYoverse via The Nerd Stash
Related:
All Alhaitham Ascension & Talent Materials in Genshin Impact
The Captain of The Crux has a great collection of weapons, but these Claymore are at the top:
Wolf’s Gravestone (5-Star)
ATK + 10.8%
Increases ATK by 20%. On hit, attacks against enemies with less than 30% HP increase all party members’ ATK by 40% for 12s. Can only occur once every 30s.
Skyward Pride (5-Star)
Energy Recharge + 8.0%
Increases all DMG by 8%. After using an Elemental Burst, Normal, or Charged Attack, on hit, creates a vacuum blade that does 80% of ATK as DMG to enemies along its path. Lasts for 20s or 8 vacuum blades.
Serpent Spine (4-Star)
CRIT Rate + 6.0%
Every 4s a character is on the field, they will deal 6% more DMG and take 3% more DMG. This effect has a maximum of 5 stacks and will not be reset if the character leaves the field, but will be reduced by 1 stack when the character takes DMG.
Wolf’s Gravestone:
With this Claymore, you will get an increase in ATK%, but you will need to learn to be riskier because your character must have less than 30% HP to use the effect.
Skyward Pride:
One of the best builds in
Genshin Impact
for Beidou is when she constantly her Burst because in C1, she gains a shield that does a lot of Electro DMG. So it is ideal for Elemental Reactions, but you will need the Energy Recharge of this weapon as Beidou takes time to get enough particles.
Serpent Spine:
You can get this weapon from the BP, and it is ideal for increasing the output of her attacks due to the CRIT DMG buff. However, you must learn to use her shield well and counters because with Serpent Spine, you make more DMG but also take more damage.
The Best Team and Rotation
To surf the wild waves of the open sea, Beidou learned to work with different teams but only with the best sailors, like:
Electro-Charged
Dendro
Neuvillette – Main DPS
Fischl – Sub-DPS
Beidou – Sub-DPS
Kazuha – Support/Shield
Nahida / Alhaitham – Main DPS
Beidou – Sub-DPS
Shinobu – Sub-DPS
Xingqiu – Support/Shield
1. Begin with Neuvillette’s Burst.
2. Change to Kazuha’s Burst.
3. Follow with Beidou Skill and then her Burst.
4. Return with Kazuha to use his Skill and Plunge.
5. Realize Fischl’s Normal Attacks combo and then her Skill.
6. Continue with Neuvillette’s Skill
7. Use Kazuha’s Skill and Plunge again.
8. Switch to Fischl’s Normal Attacks combo and then her Burst.
9. Use Beidou’s Skill.
10. Neuvillette Skill and, in the end, his Charged Attack.
1. Start the rotation using Nahida’s Skill and follow with her Burst
2. Use the Skill, Dash, and Burst combo for Xingqiu.
3. Switch to Beidou for her Skill and then her Burst.
4. Change and trigger Shinobu’s Skill.
5. Follow with Nahida’s Normal Attack Normal Attacks until Beidou’s Skill ends.
6. Bring Beidou to the field for her Skill again.
7. Change to Nahida again and use her Normal Attack until Shinobu’s Skill ends. Here, you can use Shinobu’s Burst.
Related:
All Genshin Impact Regions So Far, Ranked
Beidou has a huge potential in
Genshin Impact
, enough to be
a Main DPS
, although she performs much better with teams and builds where she occupies a Sub-DPS role. This captain is an excellent character once you master her counter trick, but even more when you get her C1, which is relatively easy as she is a 4-star character.