Best Team Compositions For Kaveh In Genshin Impact
By
John Wildermuth
Published
May 6, 2023, 10:00 AM EDT
John is a graduate from the University of California, Los Angeles with a degree in English. When he is not writing, John enjoys reading, watching the latest television shows, or playing whatever games his friends forced him into this month.
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Released with the 3.6 update,
Kaveh
is an architect from Sumeru City, who wields a claymore and a briefcase in
Genshin Impact
. Although this audacious architect currently resides with
Alhaitham
at his home, the two constantly fight and bicker, causing Kaveh to venture out into the world.
Related:
Genshin Impact: Best Four-Star Characters You'll Want To Max Out
Generally, Kaveh's kit revolves around exploding Dendro Cores made from the Bloom reaction, and he is best paired with characters that complement this play style. With that being said, there are still many other teams that Kaveh can perfectly slot into.
5
Kaveh Burgeon
Kaveh
Xinqiu
Bennett
Thoma
Kaveh's Burgeon team composition focuses on creating Dendro Cores with the bloom reaction, then detonating these green seeds with the Pyro element. Whenever Hydro and Dendro interact with one another, a green Dendro Core will form on the battlefield, and then explode after about five seconds.
Alone, these seeds do very little damage, but combining them with other elements will create unique effects that significantly harm your foes.
To start off this rotation, trigger Xinqiu's elemental skill and burst to apply Hydro consistently whenever you attack your opponents. Then, simply switch to Thoma and create a shield with his skill and burst as well, allowing you to constantly shoot out a wave of Pyro with each of your basic attacks.
Finally, using Kaveh's elemental burst infuses his claymore with Dendro, making all of his basic attacks deal Dendro damage instead of physical. When the Pyro from Thoma's elemental burst touches the Dendro Cores, they will explode in a large AOE, and deal greater damage.
Luckily, these explosions won't harm you, since Thoma's shield can protect you while your enemies perish.
4
Kaveh Quicken And Spread
Kaveh
Fischl
Yae Miko
Yaoyao
The Quicken and Spread reactions in Genshin Impact can be somewhat confusing, but they generally share the same effect. These two reactions occur when you mix Electro with Dendro, but the name of the reaction changes depending on which element you apply first, and when either of these reactions occurs, the damage inflicted on enemies is multiplied, similar to the Melt or Vaporize reactions
Related:
Genshin Impact: Every Playable Character's Age, Height, And Birthday
While
other characters in the game will deal significantly more damage
than Kaveh, this architect can still deliver consistent Quicken and Spread damage. To trigger these effects, use characters such as Yae Miko or Fischl, who apply electro damage while they are off-field, then use Kaveh's elemental burst to infuse his attacks with Dendro.
Furthermore, adding a Dendro healer such as
Yaoyao
or
Baizhu
onto your team will further improve the reactions you generate, while ensuring that all of your characters
stay alive whenever you take too much damage
.
3
Kaveh And Nilou Bloom
Kaveh
Nilou
Sangonomiya Kokomi
Nahida
Since Kaveh's kit is somewhat like a budget version of a
Nilou Bloom Team Composition
, combining him into these teams will improve your damage nicely. Typically, Dendro Cores generated from Hydro and Dendro reactions explode after a short timer, but Nilou's elemental skill allows her to generate Bountiful Cores instead of Dendro Cores.
These Bountiful Cores explode much quicker than a regular Dendro Core, and they also deal a huge amount of damage. To begin your rotation with this team, use
Nahida to quickly apply Dendro
to all of your opponents by using her elemental skill and activate her elemental burst to share Elemental Mastery with the rest of your team.
Then, triggering Nilou's elemental skill will begin to form Bountiful Cores across the battlefield.
Finally, use either Kokomi or Kaveh to continually generate these cores, by activating either character's elemental skill and burst. It is important to note that the character which generates a Bountiful Core affects the damage of that Core's explosion, so building Elemental Mastery on either your Kaveh or Kokomi will only improve your damage.
2
Kaveh Hyperbloom
Kaveh
Xinqiu
Kuki Shinobu
Nahida
Generally regarded as the strongest reaction in the entire game, Hyperbloom is triggered whenever you combine Dendro Cores and the Electro element. When this reaction occurs, the green Dendro Cores will transform into Hyperbloom missiles, that instantly lock onto a random target and deal a massive instance of damage.
To use Kaveh in a Hyperbloom rotation, you should focus on applying both Dendro and Hydro to your opponents with supports such as Xinqiu and Nahida. After using these two characters, a plethora of Dendro Cores will be generated at the feet of your enemies.
Related:
Genshin Impact: Most Powerful Characters According To The Lore
Then, use an electro character such as Kuki Shinobu or the
Raiden Shogun
to turn these Cores into missiles with their elemental skills. Finally, triggering Kaveh's elemental burst will allow him to continually generate Cores with his attacks.
It is imperative to note that the damage of each Hyperbloom missile is calculated from the amount of Elemental Mastery that the Electro character has. If you want to maximize your damage, build your Kuki Shinobu or Raiden Shogun on a full Elemental Mastery build, so each of your Hyperblooms will deal roughly 35 thousand damage.
1
Kaveh Bloom
Kaveh
Xinqiu
Sangonomiya Kokomi
Nahida
Kaveh's best team composition is focused on using his elemental burst and skill to instantly explode Dendro Cores during the heat of combat. To best utilize his abilities, fill your team with Dendro and Hydro supports that apply their elemental while they are not currently on the field.
Hydro supports such as Xinqiu,
Yelan
, and Kokomi best fulfill this role since they can constantly apply large amounts of Hydro onto your enemies, while also dealing high damage or healing your characters. Combining this with Nahida's elemental skill will mean that Dendro Cores are constantly being generated, perfectly setting up for Kaveh to take the field.
Kaveh's elemental skill is a radial sweep that detonates all Dendro Cores within the AOE of the ability, making them deal more damage based on Kaveh's total Elemental Mastery, and also healing him for some of the damage they deal to your opponents. Continually using this rotation means that Kaveh can consistently trigger these bursts of damage, destroying his enemies while healing himself.
Next:
Genshin Impact: The Best Basic Commissions
Live-Service Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
25.9%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
20.6%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.0%
007 First Light
007 First Light
8.1%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
10.9%
Other
Other
22.5%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
This Skyrim Mod Lets You Beat Dragons By Winning Weird Arguments
The Original Tomb Raider Is Being Reimagined As A 2D Side Scroller
The Legend Of Zelda Movie's Leaked Logo Is Further Evidence Of Breath Of The Wild Influence