Add as preferred source on Google
Wolves have some very talented players – and for Jean-Ricner Bellegarde, one has now become the best in his position in the Premier League.
Wolves
recorded another big win in the top-flight on Sunday, beating Tottenham Hotspur 4-2 at
Molineux
.
It was a
fourth straight win for Vitor Pereira, meaning he made history for Wolves
. The club have never before won four Premier League games in a row.
With the draw against Everton before those four wins, Wolves are currently top of the form table over the last five matches.
Pereira
has done a tremendous job since replacing Gary O’Neil, and has struck up a fantastic relationship with the fans, many of whom now fully believe the Portuguese may be the man to finally bring the good times back to Molineux.
Against Spurs, Wolves actually didn’t have to be at their very best given their opponents’ awful defending.
But one man who really punished Spurs was
Rayan Ait-Nouri
, who
Jean-Ricner Bellegarde
believes is now top dog for left-backs in the Premier League.
Rayan Ait-Nouri branded the best left-back in the Premier League
Photo by Dan Mullan/Getty Images
On Sunday, Ait-Nouri took his goal contributions tally to 10 for the season.
MORE WOLVES STORIES
He opened the scoring with a well controlled volley after poor goalkeeping by Guglielmo Vicario.
Then in the second-half, he forced a mistake from Cristian Romero, before passing to Jorgen Strand Larsen for a simply tap-in.
That was Ait-Nouri’s 10th Premier League assist for Wolves – no defender has more for the club in the competition.
With
data
indicating a strong performance against Spurs, Ait-Nouri’s stock continues to rise and for Bellegarde, he is the best left-back in the division.
The Frenchman shared Wolves post about Ait-Nouri on his own
Instagram Story
earlier today, with the caption ‘Best leftback in the league’, along with a heart eyes emoji.
READ MORE:
Who is Rayan Ait-Nouri? The Wolves wing-back who is terrifying Premier League defences
Ait-Nouri is a huge talent
It’s up for debate as to who the best left-back, or left wing-back, actually is in the Premier League right now, but Ait-Nouri has to be up there.
Perhaps the defensive side of his game still needs a bit of work before he can be considered the very best.
But there is no denying what a top talent he is, and in a few years he could be top dog in the Premier League, and very possibly in world football as well. His ceiling is that high.
.
It just remains to be seen how much longer Wolves can keep hold of him.
This summer, he will have been at Molineux for five years, after joining initially on loan from Angers.
Fans would love to hope that he’ll stick around. But with
Joao Gomes signing a new contract at Wolves
, it’s very possible
Fosun
may sanction a big money exit for the Algerian.
Join Our Newsletter
Receive a digest of our best Wolverhampton Wanderers content each week direct to your mailbox
Name
Email
I agree to be emailed
Privacy policy
Subscribe
Jean-Ricner Bellegarde
Rayan Ait-Nouri