Home
>
Guides
Genshin Impact Guide: Kaveh Ascension Materials & Talent Materials
Start 3.6 Out Right!
Patrick James
| March 3, 2023
You are going to need this Kaveh farming guide as soon as you find out that the famous Sumeru architect is soon going to be playable in
Genshin Impact
!
There has been an early leak of Kaveh Ascension Materials and Kaveh Talent Materials, which allow Travelers to farm items before his official release date in the
Genshin Impact 3.6
update.
As part of the
Genshin Impact
3.6 banners
, Kaveh is coming on board. This new 4-star
Dendro character
will be a valuable addition to the Element of Nature roster. Our farming guide includes all of the ascension and talent materials that you will need to get ahead of Kaveh’s big release for those interested in pulling for Kave
A genius architect, Kaveh, who is also known as the Light of Kshahrewar, was responsible for the opulent
Palace of Alcazarzaray.
Unfortunately, he has been left bankrupt by unfortunate circumstances and is now living with
Alhaitham
, who he’s always at odds with. Consider pre-farming for Kaveh now if you’re excited about this new character that can only add to your experience of the game.
There is a collection of Kaveh’s leaked Ascension and Talent materials below. Please note that these documents are based on information that was shared by leakers and may change once he is officially released.
Kaveh Ascension Materials
As a prerequisite to levelling up and ascending Kaveh, you’ll need to face the
Jadeplume Terrorshroom and Dendro Hypostases
. There are many rare and valuable items that you can get for taking these monsters down, including
Nagadus Emerald Slivers, Nagadus Emerald Fragments, Nagadus Emerald Chunks, and Nagadus Emerald Gems
.
Players will also need to farm plenty of
Mourning Flowers
(Sumeru) and
Fungal Spores
(Floating Fungi). You can see all the Kaveh Materials in the table below:
*Ascension Level*
Mora Cost
Materials
1
20,000
Nagadus Emerald Sliver x1
—
Mourning Flower x3
Fungal Spores x3
2
40,000
Nagadus Emerald Fragment x3
Quelled Creeper x2
Mourning Flower x10
Fungal Spores x15
3
60,000
Nagadus Emerald Fragment x6
Quelled Creeper x4
Mourning Flower x20
Luminescent Pollen x12
4
80
Nagadus Emerald Chunk x3
Quelled Creeper x8
Mourning Flower x30
Luminescent Pollen x18
5
100,000
Nagadus Emerald Chunk x6
Quelled Creeper x12
Mourning Flower x45
Crystalline Cyst Dust x12
6
120,000
Nagadus Emerald Gemstone x6
Quelled Creeper x20
Mourning Flower x60
Crystalline Cyst Dust 24
Kaveh Talent Materials
The table below lists all of Kaveh’s talent materials, so be sure to secure them all to maximize his damage output.
Talent Materials
Talent Level-Up Materials
Teachings of Ingenuity x9
Guide to Ingenuity x63
Philosophies of Ingenuity x114
Common Ascension Materials
Fungal Spores x18
Luminescent Pollen x66
Crystalline Cyst Dust x93
Weekly Boss Materials
???
Crown of Insight x3
With the Kaveh Ascension Materials and Talent Materials now outlined, you should have everything you need to dive into
Genshin Impact 3.6
and start off strong when it launches. Stay tuned to CGMagazine for more
Genshin Impact
guides
.
File Under:
Games Discussed:
Genshin Impact
Patrick James
Patrick James, seasoned journalist of a decade, melds the world of words with a passion for classic Nintendo wonders and the allure of cutting-edge tech. Storyteller by day, gamer by night.
This post may contain affiliate links. If you use these links to buy something, CGMagazine may earn a commission. However, please know this does not impact our reviews or opinions in any way.
See our
ethics statement
and
review policy
.
Related Stories
Early Pokémon Pokopia Tips To Improve Your Game
Highguard: Beginner’s Guide to Wardens & Gameplay
Dragon Quest III HD-2D Guide: How to get the Auroral Helm and Sword of Kings
<div data-conversation-spotlight></div>
Top Stories
Assassin’s Creed: Black Flag Resynced Officially Announced, Including Launch Date
ASUS Zephyrus G14 (2026) Laptop Review
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream (Nintendo Switch) Review
Michael Review
Dungeon Masters Is Wizards of the Coast’s New Official Dungeons and Dragons Actual Play Series
The Top 10 (Objectivley) Best Horror Games For Halloween
Embers of the Uncrowned Is The Latest Dark Fantasy MMORPG Unleashed From NEXON
SAROS (PS5) Review
The Elden Ring Set Has Leaked, Legendary Locations Will Be Brought To The Film
Little Nightmares VR: Altered Echoes (PSVR2) Review