“Empyrean Reflection” Kaveh
is a
4* Dendro claymore character
who was released in the second half of
Genshin Impact
version 3.6
. There are several unique things about him, such as the attack animation and a self-healing mechanic. This Genshin Impact Kaveh Guide will explain everything about how to build him and play him in his best teams.
Genshin Impact Kaveh Guide: Materials, Weapons, and, Artifacts
Materials
As a Dendro character, Kaveh uses
Nagadus Emerald stones
for ascension and they can be obtained from the
Dendro Hypostasis
and the
Jadeplume Terrorshroom
. His other ascension material,
Quelled Creeper
can also be obtained from the
Dendro Hypostasis
. The boss materials for his talents can be obtained from the
Guardian of Apep’s Oasis
weekly boss. Please check out
this article
for a detailed breakdown of Kaveh’s materials.
Image via HoYoverse
Weapons
The best weapon for Spread DPS Kaveh is the
Beacon of the Reed Sea,
while the best weapon for any other Kaveh build is the
Mailed Flower.
Please check out
this article
for a list of Kaveh’s best weapons.
Artifacts
Kaveh needs around 150-180% ER to be able to use his burst properly.
For Spread DPS build:
Sands
Goblet
Circlet
ER/EM
Dendro DMG
Crit
For Bloom build:
Sands
Goblet
Circlet
ER/EM
EM
EM
Please check out
this article
for Kaveh’s best artifact sets.
Genshin Impact Kaveh: Playstyle, Team Comps, and Constellations
Playstyle
Kaveh’s main playstyle is going to be an on-field Dendro applier. He is really good at it as long as his burst is active and he has enough ER to use his burst whenever it is available. Please check out
this article
for an explanation of Kaveh’s playstyle.
Team comps
As an amazing on-field Dendro applier, Kaveh fits into just about every Dendro team possible. His best team would be Bloom, Nilou Bloom, and Spread, not in any particular order. Please check out
this article
for a detailed explanation of Kaveh’s teams.
Constellations
Image via HoYoverse
Thankfully, Kaveh is a fully functional unit at C0, but his constellations do provide some value. Just like most 4*, his best constellation is C6. But unlike most of the recent 4*, he does not require C6 to be useful. His constellations are all optional. Please check out
this article
for a detailed breakdown of Kaveh’s constellations.
Final Thoughts
Overall, Kaveh is a pretty good Dendro character. Considering Dendro reactions are so broken, it is very difficult to be a bad Dendro character. Since Kaveh gains a Dendro infusion, his on-field presence is extremely precious. He is only the second Dendro character who is able to gain an infusion, right after his roommate Alhaitham. And he definitely functions as a great alternative to Alhaitham. Despite his DMG not being as good as Alhaitham’s, he makes up for it with his own quirky abilities. Comparing these two would be pretty unfair.
Read out other articles on Genshin Impact here
What are your thoughts on the Genshin Impact Kaveh Guide? Do you have any other suggestions mentioned not in our guide, to play as Kaveh in Genshin Impact?
Let us know in the comment section below!
For more Mobile Gaming news and updates, join our
WhatsApp group
,
Telegram Group
,
or
Discord server
. Also, follow us on
Google News
,
Instagram
, and
Twitter
for quick updates.
Tags
Gacha Games
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse