Kaveh, the Light of Kshahrewar, is the genius architect behind the opulent Palace of Alcazarzaray. Unfortunate circumstances have left him bankrupt, forcing him to be roommates with Alhaitham, who he's
always at odds with
. If you're excited to pull for the more humane half of this ship, consider pre-farming for Kaveh now.
Recommended Videos
Below are all of Kaveh's
leaked Ascension and Talent materials
. These are based on information shared by leakers and may change upon his official release.
All Kaveh level-up, Talent, & Ascension materials in Genshin Impact
Kaveh Level-up cost
You need to prepare the following resources to level Kaveh up to 80 or 90, whichever you prefer.
Level
Hero's Wit
Mora
Level one to 80
248
987,905
Level one to 90
420
1,672,530
Kaveh Ascension materials & cost
You need to prepare
420,000 Mora
and the following materials to fully Ascend Kaveh to Ascension level six.
Local Specialty & Boss material
x168 Mourning Flower
x46
Quelled Creeper
Kaveh's local specialty is leaked to be called the
Mourning Flower
, which is expected to come out alongside him in the Version 3.6 update. Meanwhile, his boss material is called the Quelled Creeper, which can be farmed from the
Dendro Hypostasis
.
Gemstones
x1 Nagadus Emerald Sliver
x9
Nagadus Emerald
Fragment
x9
Nagadus Emerald
Chunk
x6
Nagadus Emerald
Gemstone
These are dropped by all Dendro Normal and World Bosses, including the
Dendro Hypostasis
and
Jadeplume Terrorshroom
. Additionally, you can
convert materials
using the Crafting Table to turn any of your existing Gemstones into Dendro ones.
Common materials
x18 Fungal Spores
x30 Luminescent Pollen
x36 Crystalline Cyst Dust
Genshin Impact is never short of fungi-loving characters. With that said, Kaveh's Ascension materials can be farmed from
fungi
that are defeated without being activated by Electro or scorched by Pyro. Paimon's Bargains also sells a few of these every month.
Related:
Genshin Impact Alhaitham farming guide
Talent level-up materials & cost
You must prepare
1,652,500 Mora
and the following materials to level up all three of Kaveh's Talents to
level 10
. Naturally, the cost will be a lot lower if you don't intend to triple-crown this character.
Talent materials
x9 Teachings of Ingenuity
x63 Guide to
Ingenuity
x114 Philosophies of
Ingenuity
These can be farmed from the
Steeple of Ignorance
Domain in Chatrakam Cave on Tuesdays, Fridays, and Sundays.
Common materials
x18 Fungal Spores
x66
Luminescent Pollen
x93
Crystalline Cyst Dust
Kaveh's materials can be farmed from
fungi
that are defeated without being activated by Electro or scorched by Pyro. Paimon's Bargains also sells a few of these every month.
World Boss material & Crown of Insight
x3 Crown of Insight
x18 Unknown Weekly Boss material
Crowns of Insight are limited rewards that can be obtained from big events. Meanwhile, Kaveh's Weekly Boss material will allegedly come from a boss slated to release in Version 3.6. More information will be provided as soon as coherent leaks surface.
To pre-farm for Kaveh's banner buddy, check out our
Genshin Impact Baizhu farming guide
here on Pro Game Guides.
More Posts from PGG