Kaveh is an upcoming four-star Dendro claymore user expected to arrive in Genshin Impact's Version
3.6 update
. He's an architect who studied under the Kshahrewar Darshan, and the genius behind the ambitious Palace of Alcazarzaray. Based on
leaks of his kit
that recently surfaced, Kaveh seems to fight alongside a sentient being named Mehrak, which doubles up as his briefcase.
Recommended Videos
Keep in mind that
the information below has not been confirmed by HoYoverse and should be taken with a grain of salt
. As the beta is still running, changes to his kit are inevitable.
Genshin Impact Kaveh Skills
Auto Attack - Torque Settings
Normal Attack
: Uses Mehrak to perform up to four consecutive attacks.
Charged Attack
: Drains Stamina over time to perform continuous slashes. At the end of the sequence, performs a more powerful slash.
Plunging Attack
: Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE damage upon impact.
Elemental Skill - Artistic Ingenuity
Uses Mehrak's mapping ability for offensive purposes, initiating a radial scan that deals AoE Dendro Damage. It will also scan all Dendro Cores in its AoE and cause them to immediately rupture.
Elemental Burst - Painted Dome
Completely unleashes Mehrak's energy and creates a cubic scanned space, dealing AoE Dendro Damage to all opponents within it, causing all Dendro Cores in its AoE to immediately rupture, and granting Kaveh the following enhanced combat abilities for a specific duration:
Increases Kaveh's Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attack AoE, and converts his attack damage to Dendro Damage that cannot be overridden.
All Dendro Cores created by party members through Bloom reactions deal additional rupture damage.
Increases Kaveh's resistance to interruption.
These effects will be canceled once Kaveh leaves the field.
Related:
Genshin Impact Ships – Best Community Ships
Genshin Impact Kaveh Passives
Passive one (The Art of Budgeting)
: When Kaveh crafts Landscape, Building, and Courtyard-type Furnishings, he has a 100 percent chance to refund a portion of the materials used.
Passive two (Creator's Undertaking)
: When damage dealt by a Dendro Core (including damage from Burgeon and Hyperbloom) hits Kaveh, Kaveh will regain HP equal to 300 percent of his Elemental Mastery. This effect can be triggered once every 0.5 seconds.
Passive three (A Craftsman's Curious Conceptions)
: During Painted Dome, after Kaveh's Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attacks hit opponents, his Elemental Mastery will increase by 25. This effect can be triggered once every 0.1 seconds. Max four stacks. This effect will be canceled when Painted Dome's effects end.
Genshin Impact Kaveh Constellations
C1 (Sublime Salutations)
: Within three seconds after using Artistic Ingenuity, Kaveh's Dendro Resistance and Incoming Healing Bonus will be increased by 50 percent and 25 percent, respectively.
C2 (The Grand Road)
: Kaveh's Normal Attack Speed increases by 15 percent during Painted Dome.
C3 (Profferrings of the Golden Tower)
: Increases the Level of Painted Dome by three. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
C4 (Feast of a Hundred Pillars)
: Dendro Cores created from Bloom reactions Kaveh triggers will have their rupture damage increased by 60 percent.
C5 (Sacred Storage)
: Increases the Level of Artistic Ingenuity by three. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
C6 (Idyllic Ideal)
: When Kaveh's Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attacks hit opponents during Painted Dome, it will unleash the Light of the Firmament upon the opponent's position, dealing 61.8 percent of Kaveh's ATK as AoE Dendro Damage and causing all Dendro Cores within that AoE to rupture. This effect can be triggered once every three seconds.
If you're excited to Wish for this genius architect, check out our
Genshin Impact Kaveh farming guide
here on Pro Game Guides.
More Posts from PGG