Kaveh
is a Dendro Claymore 4-star and his role is that of a DPS who excels in Bloom comps due to his ability to massively buff Bloom reactions- including its sub-reactions Burgeon and Hyperbloom. He’s a very strong unit but that doesn’t mean he’s perfect. In this article, we’re going to list his best weapon options both in the EM segment and in the ER segment so players can choose accordingly.
Contents
Kaveh’s Best Weapons in Genshin Impact
EM Segment
ER Segment
Kaveh’s Best Weapons in Genshin Impact
Kaveh has
two stat priorities
– the first being ER% mainly because his main utility is locked behind his elemental burst which costs a massive 80 Energy. His second and technically his primary damage comes from his EM because the more EM he has the harder he will hit when his Bloom cores explode. With that out of the way here are his best options:
EM Segment
Kaveh’s EM claymores all provide him with a flat EM bonus. The following are his most recommended weapons because, unlike his ER options, these provide more utility and damage to his kit and must thus be considered first priority when it comes to choosing his weapons.
Mailed Flower:
This F2P event weapon is generally considered his BiS (Best-in-slot) because of its simple passive and significant buffs. The weapon increases ATK% and EM whenever the E skill of the user hits opponents or they trigger an elemental reaction. This buff lasts for a limited time.
Makhaira Aquamarine:
This claymore goes into a more aggressive approach to the battlefield as it also increases ATK% based on EM and shares this buff to an extent with other teammates.
Rainslasher:
A simple EM weapon that has a simple passive of buffing damage against all enemies affected by Hydro or Electro which is perfect for any Dendro unit since Dendro’s best reactions are with Hydro and Electro.
ER Segment
In this segment, we have 3 weapons including his F2P craftable option:
Forest Regalia:
The Sumeru craftable claymore is actually pretty decent on Kaveh since it gives him a flat ER% boost and an EM boost from its passive.
Favonius Greatsword:
If you’re lacking in ER, then this is his go-to weapon as it not only batteries your Kaveh but also the entire team provided you have a high enough CRIT Rate.
Sacrificial Claymore:
This set will allow you to cast your E skill twice which is convenient and it also has a flat ER boost. It’s not as good as Favonius but it still gets the job done.
He has a massive energy problem and this makes it difficult to build him and balance him but there are plenty of weapons he can use to compensate for his ER to EM balance as you can see above. Depending on what he needs more you can prioritize which weapon to build and use for him.