Kaveh
Kaveh is both the game designer and producer of World
                          of Mazes. (Weird! Right?) He is a game industry
                          veteran with a track record that includes creating a
                          successful game company in the years of 2003-2007. (In
                          game industry years, that qualifies him as a
                          dinosaur.) He likes playing games (duh!), working out
                          (that’s odd), reading books, and hanging out
                          with friends. His greatest personal achievement is
                          looking straight down when jumping out of an aircraft
                          for skydiving without being scared (he says so…
                          we don’t believe him!)
Cody
Cody is the technical lead and a developer of World
                          of Mazes. He has developed and published numerous
                          games. He’s accumulated a couple of awards from
                          different game dev competitions he’s entered in his
                          free time (we try to keep it from going to his head).
                          Recently, he married his high school sweetheart and
                          they spend their weekends biking, exploring, and
                          watching movies (not the scary ones though, Cody is
                          easily frightened). He’s proud that he recently worked
                          up the courage to try indoor skydiving (we tell him
                          it’s just like Kaveh’s experience, but it’s
                          not).
Milan
Milan is a developer of World of Mazes. He’s
                          created over 20 games so far (5 in VR). When
                          he’s not coding games, he likes to play games
                          coded by other people. He keeps telling people that he
                          climbed the highest hill in their city in under 5
                          hours (though the last time he left his room was one
                          year ago). He likes to think he’s a table tennis
                          pro (you be the judge!), and believes A.I. will eat us
                          all (“rule the world” is how he puts
                          it).
Zura
Zura is a 3D artist of World of Mazes. He has worked
                          in the gaming industry for about 4 years now,
                          developing many games on different platforms. He is a
                          veteran METALHEAD with over 15 years of listening to
                          metal. For the first half of every day, he thinks
                          deeply about whether he loves playing video games or
                          his electric guitar more, and for the other half he
                          works. His personal biggest achievement is getting out
                          of bed in the morning.
Other Team Members
Rasto and Rene have worked on 2D and 3D artwork of
                          the game, Gina, KJ, Jacquelyn, and Collin have worked
                          on voice-overs, sound effects, and music, and Amandine
                          has tested the game.