Emilie is the upcoming 5-star Dendro polearm character set to debut in the latter half of Version 4.8. Emilie is Fontaine’s esteemed perfumer and will be available along with Yelan.
Even more interesting is that her kit and gameplay are unique. She is an off-field sub-DPS, relying on burning reactions, and can open up the path for various new teams.
Contents
1. What are the Best Teams for Emilie in Genshin Impact?
2. Possible Team Compositions With Emilie
2.1 Burn-melt Teams
2.2 Burn-vape Teams
2.3 Mono-pyro Burn Teams
3. About Genshin Impact
1. What are the Best Teams for Emilie in Genshin Impact?
The best teams for Emilie in
Genshin Impact
include characters with Dendro and Pyro elements due to her ability to increase the damage of Burning reactions. Her best teams are:
Wriothesley, Emilie, Bennett, Xiangling
Neuvillette, Dehya, Nahida, Emilie
Arlecchino, Emilie, Kazuha, Bennett
Emilie | Source: X
Emilie is a dendro Sub-DPS that deals damage based on the
Burning Reaction (Dendro + Pyro).
When enemies burn, they release an
“aroma”
that further increases the lamp’s damage. Her burst is an extension of the elemental skill, further increasing the lamp’s damage.
You may think burning can damage your characters, making them vulnerable. Well, Emilie grants team members a massive RES, making them almost immune to Pyro.
Note:
Emilie is limited to only pyro teams because her passive increases her damage by 30% when enemies are affected by burn. It also decreases her damage by 90% when enemies are inflicted with quicken.
READ:
Genshin Impact Clorinde Build: Best Artifacts, Weapons, Teams and More
2. Possible Team Compositions With Emilie
As discussed above, Emilie’s damage is reduced significantly when enemies are quickened, meaning we cannot use any electro character on her team. However, that doesn’t limit her team comps with other elements, even though she heavily relies on burn reaction.
2.1 Burn-melt Teams
Wriothesley, Emilie, Nahida, Thoma/ Xiangling
Ganyu, Bennett, Dehya, Emilie
Ayaka, Bennett, Emilie, Shenhe
Burn-melt team | Source: In-game screenshot
The main damage of a Burn-melt team usually comes from a strong cryo DPS. Wriothesley can be a great option if paired with Xiangling and Emilie, who can deal massive off-field damage. This combo also provides great coverage with strong single-target and AOE potential. Lastly, Bennett is a must-have who not only provides an insane ATK bonus but also heals the active character.
Alternatively, you can use Ganyu and Ayaka as a cryo DPS. However, there are some cons. Ganyu requires a good sustainer like Zhongli or Dehya, which might result in loss of damage. On the other hand, Ayaka requires a lot of energy recharge, which can be an issue if her burst cannot be used in each rotation.
2.2 Burn-vape Teams
Neuvillette, Dehya/ Xiangling, Nahida, Emilie
Neuvillette, Xiangling, Zhongli/ Thoma, Emilie
Burn-vape Team | Source: In-game screenshot
Burgeon-vape teams specialize in three reactions- burn, burgeon, and vaporize. Neuvillette is the main DPS here, dealing most of the team’s damage while creating dendro cores. Zhongli is the premium sustain. However, Dehya is also a good option as she provides great off-field pyro application and resistance to interruption.
Nahida will buff Emilie’s damage by shredding dendro res while providing EM. This is a great team for a single-target situation. When there are groups of enemies, Xiangling provides a greater value due to her large AOE and off-field damage.
2.3 Mono-pyro Burn Teams
Arlecchino, Emilie, Kazuha, Bennett
Nahida, Emilie, Bennett, Xiangling/ Arlecchino
Emilie, Bennett, Xiangling, Kazuha
Mono-pyro Burn Teams | Source: In-game screenshot
As the name suggests, mono-pyro teams only center on pyro damage. Arlecchino is the best on-field pyro DPS we have seen so far, but there are alternatives, such as Lyney. Xiangling is the go-to sub-dps. However, Emilie might be a better option due to her high single-target damage output.
Any anemo support like Kazuha, Sucrose, or Venti can shred elemental res with the Viridescent Venerer set. Again, Bennett is a must-have character and the reason you already know.
After the release of Elimie, Burn teams could become the new meta, allowing overlooked characters like Dehya to stand out finally. This is similar to how, following the release of Furina, one-shot healers such as Jean, Baizu, and Charlotte gained relevance.
READ:
All the Hidden Quests in Zenless Zone Zero- Location and How to Unlock Them
Get Genshin Impact on:
App Store
Google Play
Playstation Store
3. About Genshin Impact
Developed and published by miHoYo, Genshin Impact is an action-adventure RPG. It allows for both single-player and multiplayer gameplay. Furthermore, the game supports both cross-platform and cross-save features.
Genshin Impact is full of countless magical characters that will come with their own set of unique skills to kill enemies. Since it is an open-world game that one can explore by several movements like walking, swimming, gliding, and climbing.
The game allows enthusiasts to choose the gender of the playable character. In a quest to find your lost sibling, you will stumble upon other playable characters too who will assist you in unveiling the secrets of the gods of this dynamic world.