Yun Jin is a new four-star Support character in Genshin Impact 2.4. Her kit provides a consistent, steady Normal Attack buff to characters in her team and gets even stronger the more diverse your Elements are. Here’s how to make great Yun Jin team comps, and which characters are traps to use with her.
There are some inconsistencies to Normal Attack classifications in Genshin Impact. For example, some talents like Raiden Shogun’s Elemental Burst changes her attack stance and Normal Attack combos. It’s no longer counted as a Normal Attack in this case.
Xiao
, on the other hand, does the same thing but this is counted as a Normal Attack.
See Also
Genshin Impact: 9 Polearm Users, Ranked
Best Builds for Yun Jin in Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact: 10 Pro Tips For Playing As Yun Jin
The Best 3-Star Weapons In Genshin Impact
Yun Jin’s Elemental Burst only buffs Normal Attack damage, and the game is somewhat specific to what counts as a Normal Attack. Plunging and Charged attacks, while scaling from the same Talent, are not considered Normal Attacks for Yun Jin’s ability.
This hurts her utility with the aforementioned Xiao, who relies on his Plunge Attack and with sniper builds of characters like Amber and Ganyu who use their Charged Attacks.
See Also
Genshin Impact: Best Weapons To Forge First
Who works with Yun Jin?
You’re looking for characters that rely on their Normal Attacks as their bread and butter. Luckily, most of the traditional on-field DPS character builds you can think of fit the bill. Some are more awkward than others, especially when Charged Attacks are woven into attack combos like in Keqing or Hu Tao’s case. In general, if you’re auto-attacking Yun Jin’s buffs will help.
This buff is a flat Attack damage boost, so it’s calculated before any Damage modifiers your characters may have.
Yun Jin’s second Ascension Passive Talent increases her Elemental Burst’s Damage Bonus by an additional 2.5% of her Defense for each character of a different Element on your team. When there are four different elements, the buff gets a little stronger for a total of 11.5%.
FAQs
What is a good team for Yun Jin? ›
The best team composition for Yun Jin in Genshin Impact would include
a DPS that's highly reliant on Normal Attack
. Similar to Shenhe, Yun Jin grants damage bonuses to her teammates. However, the Opera Singer's buff will scale with DEF instead of ATK.
Continue Reading
›
What is the best set for Yun Jin? ›
Four-pieces of Husk of Opulent Dreams
is Yun Jin's best Artifact set for most teams and scenarios. The 30 percent DEF boost from the two-piece effect substantially increases the damage from Yun Jin's Skill and the buffs provided by her Burst.
View Details
›
Who is better Yun Jin or xiangling? ›
Out of the remaining three I would definitely say Xiangling.
Yun Jin is good but quite niche - she tends to work much better as a support in a physical damage team
. Rosaria is a perfectly adequate cryo character, but Xiangling is actually a brilliant DPS and sub-DPS, especially for a 4 star.
Discover More Details
›
Which characters does Yun Jin buff? ›
Yun Jin is a 4-Star Geo Polearm Normal Attack Buffing Support with strong counter-attack and Normal Attack DMG up capabilities. She's often paired with
Yoimiya, Ayato, Tartaglia, Eula, Zhongli, Razor, Fischl, and Noelle
, relying on her Elemental Burst to buff the Normal Attack DMG of her teammates!
View More
›
Who pairs well with Yun Jin? ›
Genshin Impact: 9 Best Characters To Use With Yunjin
Rosaria. Rosaria is a flexible 4-star Cryo unit who can work with Yun Jin as either a main DPS or an additional support. ...
Gorou. ...
Zhongli. ...
Kaeya. ...
Diluc. ...
Tartaglia. ...
Fischl. ...
Yoimiya.
Feb 13, 2022
View Details
›
Who is Yun Jin good with Genshin? ›
Any character that can hit a enemies a lot of times with normal attacks can benefit from her as a support.
Yoimiya, Yanfei, Ningguang, Noelle, Razor, Childe, Itto, or Eula
could all benefit from Yun Jin. As well as the less common physical builds for Xiangling, Zhongli, or Fischl.
View More
›
Is Yun Jin worth crowning? ›
Since a character's defense increases with each ascension level, Yun Jin demands a fair amount of investment for a 4-star.
The benefits are well worth the investment in Yun Jin
, though. Once Crowned, the bonus damage granted to normal attacks scales at over 55% of her defense.
Read On
›
Does Yun Jin need crit? ›
Best Artifacts for Yun Jin
If you're running Favonius Lance on Yun Jin,
you might want to have Crit Rate in your artifact sub stats
so you can trigger its passive much more consistently.
Find Out More
›
What is the best weapon for Yun Jin? ›
All Recommended Weapons for Yun Jin
Recommended Weapons
How to Get
Skyward Spine
Gacha
Favonius Lance
Gacha
The Catch
Inazuma Fishing Association
Deathmatch
Battle Pass
4 more rows
Apr 26, 2024
Read More
›
Is Yanfei better than Yun Jin? ›
Depends on your plans and needs.
If you plan to continue to main Yanfei for a long time, then Yanfei
. Lacking a functional healer, then YaoYao. Have and use Yoimiya, then Yunjin.
Read On
›
Is Bennett better than Yun Jin? ›
in my opinion,
Yunjin has WAY to many set backs, but her pros are immensely better than Bennet's
. If you do get her, don't use her if you already have bennet. She is very difficult to build so keep that in mind.
See More
›
Is Yun Jin good with Ayaka? ›
Razor, Yoimiya, and Noelle being the biggest ones. I've experimented with Childe, Keqing, Sucrose, and Ayaka and they're okay but generally have something they'd rather be doing (like charge attacks, bursts, etc) or I struggle to give Yun Jin a teamslot over somebody giving a reaction.
Get More Info
›
What does Yun Jin scale with? ›
Yun Jin's damage increases scales with
DEF stat
. So the best way to maximize this is by stacking as much DEF as possible.
View Details
›
Is Yun Jin good for wanderer? ›
Wanderer mainly deals damage with his Normal Attacks, and Yun Jin, who
provides bonus Normal Attack DMG, is just the right match for him
.
View Details
›
Is Yun Jin good with Fischl? ›
C2 Yun Jin can further increase Fischl's Normal Attacks by 15% when using her Burst
. C6 Yun Jin improves Fischl's Normal Attack speed by 12%. Yun Jin's C6 further supports the “Machine Gun Fischl” playstyle. If Fischl hits quickly, she can also benefit more from Yun Jin's damage bonus.
See Details
›
Is Yun Jin a good main? ›
Yun Jin's Talents and Skill Priorities. Yun Jin is an exceptional support character even though she's kind of niche, only buffing your team's normal attacks and nothing else.
See Details
›