Games
'Genshin Impact' Arataki Itto Guide: Abilities, Best Weapons, Artifacts Build, and More
By
Staff Reporter
Published: Nov 16 2021, 10:20 AM EST
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Reddit
Share on Flipboard
Share on Pocket
Photo from Genshin Impact's Twitter Page, @GenshinImpact
Aratakki Itto, a 5-Star Geo user and the leader of the Arataki Gang and a long rival of Kujou Sara, is one of the two new characters that will be included in
Genshin Impact
following the release of its Version 2.3 Update.
Itto, alongside Gorou, the general of the Sangonomiya forces, will be included in the role-playing game's Limited Banner, which means players can now summon him and included in their team once the aforementioned version update rolls out.
But in order to use this character in the game better, they must understand his abilities, as well as the weapons and artifacts that suits him better.
Itto's Gameplay, Abilities
Arataki Itto's gameplay in
Genshin Impact
, according to
Pro Games Guide
, focused on dealing damage that scales off its Defense and Attack stats, and it excels on dishing on-field damage-per-second using his Claymore, as well as his Geo-based skills.
READ ALSO :
'Genshin Impact' Version 2.3 Update 'Shadows Amidst Snowstorms' Spoilers: Release Date, New Heroes, Events, and More
His Normal Attack, named "
Fight Club Legend
" according to
PC Gamer
, will make him perform up to four consecutive strikes. When his fourth attack hits an opponent, he will gain two stacks of
Superlative Superstrength
, which can stack up to five.
His Charged Attack, once players held it in order to initiate it, will make them press the attack button continuously in order to make Itto attack enemies without using any Stamina.
Each of these slashes will consume a stack of
Superlative Superstrength
. Once the final stack is consumed, he will unleash a powerful attack.
His
Masatsu Zetsugi: Akaushi Burst!
Elemental Skill will make him hurl Ushi, a young akaushi bull and a member of the his gang, dealing Geo damage towards opponents that were hit by the ability. When it hits the target, it will grant Itto a
Superlative Superstrength
stack.
While Ushi is remaining on the field, it will taunt surrounding opponents and attracts them towards it. When attacked, it will provide Itto a stack of
Superlative Superstrength
, which can be gained once every two seconds.
It will also inherit the Health Points based on the percentage of Itto's max Health Points. Once its Health reaches zero, or once its duration ends, it will leave the field, giving Itto another stack of
Superlative Superstrength.
His
Royal Descent: Behold, Itto the Evil!
Elemental Burst will make him release its inner
Raqing Oni King
form, attacking enemies using his
Oni King's Kanabou
. In this state, his Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attacks will be converted into Geo-based ones, and cannot be overridden.
His Attack stat will also be increased based on his Defense stat, while his Normal Attack Speed stat is also increased, and gains him a 20% Elemental and Physical Resistance boost.
The first three combos of his Normal Attack, once it hits, will grant him a
Superlative Superstrength
stack. When Itto leaves the battlefield, his
Raging Oni King
will end.
Best Weapon, Artifact Build
Because of his DPS-centric gameplay while relying on his defense, players will consider the Weapons and Artifacts that they need to choose for Arataki Itto.
One of the best weapons for him, the
Redhorn Stonethresher
Claymore, according to
Gamewith.net
, will increase the wielder's Defense by 28%, while its Normal and Charged Attack Damage will be increased by 40% of its Defence.
Another weapon that is suitable for Itto, the
Serpent Spine
Claymore, while make its wielder deal 6% more Damage every 4 seconds it is on the field, while it takes 3% more Damage.
This effect can be stacked up to 5 times, and cannot be reset if it leaves the field, but instead, it will be reduced by 1 when it takes damage.
On the other hand, the
Whitebind
Claymore, once wielded, will increase one's Attack and Defense stats by 6% for 6 seconds if it initiates a Normal or Charged Attack. This effect will trigger once every .5 seconds.
As for the Artifact that is suited for him, the
Husk of Opulent Dreams
, once they equipped him the entire 4-piece set, will provide him up to 54% Defense and 24% Geo Damage bonus, as well as the "
Curiosity
" effect.
The said effect will gain him 1 stack after he hits an opponent on the field with a Geo-based attack, triggering a maximum of once every .3 seconds. When he is off the field, he will gain a stack every 3 seocnds.
This will stack up to four times, each will provide 6% Defense and 6% Geo Damage bonus. When 6 seconds pass without gaining a new
Curiousity
stack, a stack will be lost.
READ ALSO :
'Genshin Impact' Version 2.4 Update Spoilers: New Region, Characters, and More
TAG
Genshin Impact
© 2026
Game & Guide
All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Join the Discussion
MOST POPULAR
MOBILE
Hottest Upcoming Mobile Games and Full 2026 Mobile Games Release Dates You Can't Miss This Year
April 22, 2026
Games
'Nioh 3' Builds Guide: Yokai Loot & Soulslike 2026 Trends in Team Ninja's Hardcore RPG Sequel
April 22, 2026
Games
'GTA 5' Snowball Riots: Fans' Silliest 'GTA 5' Riots in the Craziest Riot Chaos Ever
April 22, 2026
TECH
10 Best Gaming Laptops Under $1000 in 2026: Budget Picks for Performance
April 22, 2026
Games
How to Unlock 'Pragmata's Secret Ending in Unknown Signal: Complete Guide
April 24, 2026
More Stories
Games
'Final Fantasy XIV' Is Coming to the Nintendo Switch 2, Square Enix Confirms
Games
'High on Life 2' Beginner Guide: Essential Gameplay Tips, Combat Tricks, and Starter Advice
Games
Best Racing Simulator Games in 2026: Most Realistic Driving Sims Ranked
Games
'Gran Turismo 7' April 2026 Update: Twingo Drifts, 964 Rarity, U9 Fury