Arataki Itto Genshin Build: Best Weapon & Artifact Set For Geo DPS
Harsha
-
Dec 13, 2021
|
Mobile Games
Itto is coming to Genshin Impact in the second phase of the 2.3 update. Here's how you can build him to the best potentials!
[Updated] ALL Six Teapot Realm Layouts In Genshin Impact & Best Features
Cognosphere Genshin Impact: Who Is The New Publisher Of Best Mobile Game In 2021?
How To Get & Use Genshin Impact Mitternachts Waltz Wisely
Itto and Gorou are making their way into Genshin Impact after the end of Albedo and Eula’s rerun banners. Like Kokomi who is considered a super-Barbara, Arataki Itto is called the male-version Noelle. Although he does not have healing abilities or the maid’s knight shields, he does own the same Geo infusion and defense attack buff for his burst.
If you are looking for the best
Itto Genshin build
, follow our guide to make the Oni gang leader a powerhouse in your roster.
Table of Contents
Itto banner release date
Itto Genshin Impact skills & abilities
Best Itto Genshin build
Arataki Itto ascension materials
Genshin Itto web event
What is the best build for Genshin Impact Itto?
Itto banner release date
Arataki Itto is released on
December 14, 2021
, on the Oni's Royale banner. The character will be showcased alongside 4-star Geo bow-wielder Gorou, priestess Kokomi, and little Pyro chef Xiangling.
If you want to know how to get Itto
Genshin Impact
, this banner is a rare opportunity as it’s unclear if he will have a rerun in the future.
Itto Genshin Impact skills & abilities
The Oni guy has some fabulous skills that make it irresistible not to pull for him. Take a glimpse at his general skill and play style below.
1. Itto Elemental skill
Itto’s elemental skill lets him throw a bull, named Ushi, at enemies and deal Geo damage. Players consider this a Geo construct that will taunt nearby opponents.
Itto Genshin Impact skill features the appearance of a bull.
2. Itto Normal attack
Itto Genshin build also has the normal attacks where he can perform 4 consecutive strikes at the cap. His normal attack combo will not reset for a short while after an elemental skill is used or he sprinted.
3. Itto Superlative Super Strength stacks
When his second and fourth attacks hit enemies, he will have stacks of Superlative Super Strength. As Itto’s elemental skill strikes at opponents, he gains one stack of superlative super strength.
Superlative Super Strength stacks are his special skill.
4. Itto Charged attack
When Superlative Super Strength stacks are unavailable, he will carry out a Saichimonji Slash.
Best Itto Genshin build
In this guild, we will provide the best ways to build Itto as a
Geo DPS
.
1. Best weapon for Itto
The best weapon for Itto Genshin Impact is the
5-star claymore
that is introduced alongside him,
Redhorn Stonethresher
.
This weapon offers a defense boost by 28%, while normal and charged attack damage is increased by 40%. As Itto’s burst is defense-based, the attack buff from Redhorn Stonethresher will surely help him deal striking damage.
Whiteblind is a good substitute in case you don’t have the Redhorn. The 4-star weapon, which you can forge and refine yourself, also increases defense.
Redhorn Stonethresher and (4) Husk of Opulent Dreams.
2. Best artifact for Itto
The
Husk of Opulent Dreams
is one of the two newest artifact sets to be introduced in the game. This one is basically made for Itto.
For a 2-piece set, it can increase defense by 30%. For a 4-piece set, it will introduce a stack called Curiosity. Hitting enemies with Geo attacks will release Curiosity which synergies with Itto’s burst very well. More Geo damage and defense will make Itto even stronger.
3. Best team for Itto
The last factor to have the best Itto Genshin build is to equip the most suitable team for him.
Albedo, Ningguang, Noelle, Zhongli: Full and pure Geo team.
Fischl, Beidou: Provides a great deal of damage without having to be active.
Diona, Zhongli: Create shields and buffs for Itto with their weapons.
A pure Geo team will be an extreme powerhouse.
Arataki Itto ascension materials
To level up Itto, you will need these certain
Genshin character ascension materials
.
1. Itto character ascension
You'll also need the following items:
Riftborn Regalia
Prithiva Topaz items
Onikabuto
Slime Condensate/Secretions/Concentrate
While Prithiva Topaz items are drops from Geo Hypostases and Golden Wolflords, you can get Riftborn Regalia after defeating Golden Wolflords level 30+.
Moreover, you can mostly find Onikabuto on Narukami Island in Inazuma. Slimes items come from Slimes, which you may usually see near bodies of water.
2. Itto talent ascension
Below are the items players will need to level the talents of Arataki Itto:
Teachings/Guide/Philosophies of Elegance
Slime Condensate/Secretions/Concentrate
Ashen Heart
Crown of Insight
Players can collect Elegance items from the Violet Court domain on Tuesdays,  Fridays, and Sundays. For the Ashen Heart, it is a reward for
beating La Signora
level 70+.
Lastly, you can get the Crown of Insight as a reward for upgrading the Sacred Sakura in Inazuma or Frostbearing Tree in Dragonspine or. Various seasonal activities also give it away such as the recent Shadows Amidst Snowstorms event.
Character Teaser - "Arataki Itto: That's How the Show Should Go!" | Genshin Impact
Genshin Itto web event
Before the release of Itto in Genshin Impact, the developers launched a time-limited web event for the character. These are the highlights for this web event:
You must be at least
Adventure Rank 10
to play and receive rewards.
Complete 4 tasks.
Click “Share this picture to obtain Primogems” after the first 3 tasks.
Share the link with your friend or random players to create a watch party for more rewards.
Rewards: 20,000 Mora, x2 Mystic Enhancement Ore, x40 Primogems, x3 Prithiva Topaz Fragment.
Completing Itto web event will give you 40 Primogems and many other rewards.
The first task is to help Itto move boxes to the stage by clicking on them and dragging them to the side. Meanwhile, the second task requires helping Itto decorate his mask.
The web event started on December 9 and ends on December 13. Be quick to grab your rewards before it expires!
>>> Related post:
Who Is Genshin Unknown God? How Does She Link To Paimon?
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Guide
#Genshin Impact Characters
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025