Walkthroughs
Genshin Impact Itto Guide - Best build, strengths and weaknesses
All you need to know about Itto
By
Bryan Taylor
|
May 20, 2022
iOS
+
Android
|
Genshin Impact
Prefer Pocket Gamer on Google
X
Facebook
Reddit
Welcome to Pocket Gamer's detailed
Genshin Impact Itto guide
! Itto is a descendent of the crimson oni who has horns sticking out of his head, but that feature is offset by his child-like personality. He is the leader of the Arataki gang, and will always be the first to point out his responsibilities, but while Itto takes care of odds and ends for the gang, he honestly prefers to slack off before anything else.
In the guide below you will find the following features:
General Info & how to get Itto
Strengths & Weaknesses
Best Build (Artifacts & Weapons
)
Best Party Members for Itto
Talents / Skills / Passive
Talent Leveling Materials
Constellations
Ascensions costs
Itto Wishes / Availability
Character Appearance
Itto Element / Tier / Rarity / Weapon
Geo / SS Tier / 5* Rarity / Claymore
In Genshin Impact, Itto is a top-tier Geo claymore user who is both unbelievably strong and can rush in close to enemies from far distances.
How to get Itto
You can only obtain Itto at a rate-up in the Oni’s Royale banner. This is the only way Itto is currently available, when the banner is up.
Genshin Impact Itto Combat Info (Strengths and Weaknesses)
Strengths
Itto starts with a high crit rate
His Burst attack increases his already strong damage
He can charge his skill to zoom across the field at distant enemies
Weaknesses
His Burst attack requires a large amount of energy
You need to precisely aim his charged attack to do the most damage
Best Build for Itto in Genshin Impact
Itto is undoubtedly an amazing DPS, so a focus on defense to keep his HP out of the red is the best way to build Itto. Equipping the Redhorn Stonethresher will give you significant defense, plus a punch to your DMG output. Work on building up the Husk of Opulent Dreams to not only increase his DEF even more but offers a Curiosity effect that increases DEF and provides a Geo DMG bonus.
Itto - Best Artifacts and Weapons
Husk of Opulent Dreams
DEF% / Geo DMG / CRIT DMG
Set Bonuses:
(2) DEF +30%
(4) A character equipped with this Artifact set will obtain the Curiosity effect in the following conditions: When on the field, the character gains 1 stack after hitting an opponent with a Geo attack, triggering a maximum of once every 0.3s. When off the field, the character gains 1 stack every 3s. Curiosity can stack up to 4 times, each providing 6% DEF and a 6% Geo DMG Bonus. When 6 seconds pass without gaining a Curiosity stack, 1 stack is lost.
How to Obtain:
Slumbering Court Domain reward
Redhorn Stonethresher
Base Attack:
44
Rating:
5*
Bonus Effect:
CRIT DMG 19.2%
Skill: Gokadaiou Otogibanashi
DEF is increased by 28%. Normal and Charged Attack DMG is increased by 40% of DEF.
How to Obtain:
Gacha
Best Party Members to match Itto with in Genshin Impact
Premium (Gacha) Team
In Genshin Impact, Itto is a great DPS with a diverse set of attacks. Pair him with Gorou to ramp up DMG with Geo resonance.
Raiden
is a great sub-DPS that can be swapped in when you’re waiting for Itto’s Burst to refresh. Use
Albedo
to boost your party’s damage and provide even more Geo DMG to your team.
F2P Team
Itto will be your primary DPS on the field. Pair him with
Xiangling
to keep some additional field DMG even when she’s off-field and Itto is taking care of business.
Noelle
can offer shields and healing while Itto is cooling down.
Geo Traveler
has the ability to provide energy to get Itto charged faster and can do some decent Geo damage with their Burst.
Talents / Skills / Passive
Fight Club Legend - Normal Attack
Normal:
Perform up to 4 consecutive strikes.
When the 2nd and 4th strikes hit opponents, Itto will gain 1 or 2 stacks of Superlative Superstrength, respectively.
Max 5 stacks. Triggering this effect will refresh the current duration of any existing stacks.
Additionally, Itto's Normal Attack combo does not immediately reset after sprinting or using his Elemental Skill, "Masatsu Zetsugi: Akaushi Burst!"
Charge Attack:
When holding to perform a Charged Attack, Itto unleashes a series of Arataki Kesagiri slashes without consuming Stamina. Instead, each Arataki Kesagiri slash consumes 1 stack of Superlative Superstrength. When the final stack is consumed, Itto delivers a powerful final slash.
If no stacks of Superlative Superstrength are available, Itto will perform a single Saichimonji Slash.
Plunge Attack:
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Skill Attributes:
1-Hit DMG
79.2%
2-Hit DMG
76.4%
3-Hit DMG
91.6%
4-Hit DMG
117.2%
Arataki Kesagiri Combo Slash DMG
- 91.2%
Arataki Kesagiri Final Slash DMG
- 190.9%
Superlative Superstrength Duration
- 60s
Saichimonji Slash DMG
- 90.5%
Saichimonji Slash Stamina Cost
- 20
Plunge DMG
- 81.8%
Low/High Plunge DMG
- 164% / 204%
Masatsu Zetsugi: Akaushi Burst! - Elemental Skill
Hurls Ushi, the young akaushi bull and an auxiliary member of the Arataki Gang, dealing Geo DMG to opponents on hit. When Ushi hits opponents, Arataki Itto gains 1 stack of Superlative Superstrength.
Ushi:
Ushi will remain on the field and provide support.
- Taunts surrounding opponents.- When Ushi takes DMG, Arataki Itto gains 1 stack of Superlative Superstrength every 2s.- Inherits HP based on a percentage of Itto's Max HP.- It will grant Arataki Itto 1 stack of Superlative Superstrength when it leaves.
Ushi is considered a Geo construct. Arataki Itto can only deploy 1 Ushi on the field at any one time.
Hold Attack:
Adjusts throwing angle
Skill DMG
- 307%
Inherited HP
- 100%
Duration
- 6s
CD
- 10s
Royal Descent: Behold, Itto the Evil! - Elemental Burst
Time to show 'em the might of the Arataki Gang! For a time, Itto lets out his inner Raging Oni King, wielding his Oni King's Kanabou in battle.
Raging Oni King
- Converts Itto's Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attacks to Geo DMG. This cannot be overridden.
- Increases Itto's Normal Attack SPD. Also increases his ATK based on his DEF.
- The 1st and 3rd combos of his Normal Attack will grant Itto Superlative Superstrength stacks when it hits opponents.
- Decreased Itto's Elemental and Physical RES by 20%.
The Raging Oni King state will be cleared when Itto leaves the field.
Skill Attributes
ATK Bonus
- 57.6% DEF
ATK SPD Bonus
- 10%
Duration
- 11s
CD
- 18s
Energy Cost
- 70
Arataki Ichiban - 1st Ascension Passive
When Arataki Itto uses consecutive Arataki Kesagiri, he obtains the following effects:
- Each slash increases the ATK SPD of the next slash by 10%. Max ATK SPD increase is 30%.
- Increases his resistance to interruption.
These effects will be cleared once he stops performing consecutive slashes.
Bloodline of the Crimson Oni - 4th Ascension Passive
Arataki Kesagiri DMG is increased by 35% of Arataki Itto's DEF.
Woodchuck Chucked - Unlocked Automatically
When a party member uses attacks to obtain wood from a tree, they have a 25% chance to obtain an additional log of wood.
Talent Leveling Materials
Gained from Enemy Drops (Slime):
Slime Condensate
Slime Secretions
Slime Concentrate
Acquired from Domains (Tuesday/Friday/Sunday):
Teachings of Elegance
Guide to Elegance
Philosophies of Elegance
Obtained after defeating Bosses (La Signora Challenge):
Ashen Heart
Constellations
Stay A While And Listen Up
After using Royal Descent: Behold, Itto the Evil!, Arataki Itto gains 2 stacks of Superlative Superstrength. After 1s, Itto will gain 1 stack of Superlative Superstrength every 0.5s for 1.5s.
Gather 'Round, It's a Brawl!
After using Royal Descent: Behold, Itto the Evil!, each party member whose Element is Geo will decrease that skill's CD by 1.5s and restore 6 Energy to Arataki Itto. CD can be decreased by up to 4.5s in this manner. Max 18 Energy can be restored in this manner.
Horns Lowered, Coming Through
Increases the Level of Masatsu Zetsugi: Akaushi Burst! by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Jailhouse Bread and Butter
When the Raging Oni King state caused by Royal Descent: Behold, Itto the Evil! ends, all nearby party members gain 20% DEF and 20% ATK for 10s.
10 Years of Hanamizaka Fame
Increases the Level of Royal Descent: Behold, Itto the Evil! by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Arataki Itto, Present!
Arataki Itto's Charged Attacks deal +70% Crit DMG. Additionally, when he uses Arataki Kesagiri, he has a 50% chance to not consume stacks of Superlative Superstrength.
Genshin Impact Itto Ascensions costs
Phase 1
Lv.20→Lv.40
Mora Cost: 20,000
Onikabuto ×3
Prithiva Topaz Sliver ×1
Slime Condensate ×3
Phase 2
Lv.40→Lv.50
Onikabuto ×10
Prithiva Topaz Fragment ×3
Slime Condensate ×15
Riftborn Regalia ×2
Phase 3
Lv.50→Lv.60
Mora Cost: 60,000
Onikabuto ×20
Prithiva Topaz Fragment ×6
Slime Secretions ×12
Riftborn Regalia ×4
Phase 4
Lv.60→Lv.70
Mora Cost: 80,000
Onikabuto ×20
Prithiva Topaz Chunk ×3
Slime Secretions ×18
Riftborn Regalia ×8
Phase 5
Lv.70→Lv.80
Mora Cost: 100,000
Onikabuto ×45
Prithiva Topaz Chunk ×6
Slime Concentrate ×12
Riftborn Regalia ×12
Phase 6 (MAX)
Lv.80→Lv.90
Mora Cost: 120,000
Onikabuto ×60
Prithiva Topaz Gemstone ×6
Slime Concentrate ×24
Riftborn Regalia ×20
Base Stats
At Level 1, Itto starts with 1001 HP, 18 ATK, and 75 DEF.
Wishes / Availability
Itto is available as a rate-up drop in the Oni’s Royale banner. The last one ran from December 14th, 2021 through January 4, 2022. He is not available in the Standard Banner, Wanderlust Invocation.
You know, we also have a
GI tier list
if you want to check how well Itto performs in comparison to other characters! You can also visit our
Genshin Impact characters hub
with all of the available characters and their detailed guides!
Bryan Taylor
Bryan has a passion for writing and has been gaming since the 80s. His favourite games include Super Metroid, Chrono Trigger, and Rez, and he joins us bringing his vast knowledge of games to the team.
Next Up :
Dicero beginner's guide - 5 tips for mastering the dice