Contents
show
1
Itto Rating and Info
1.1
Stats Lvl 80
2
Best Itto Builds
2.1
Best Itto Weapons
2.2
Best Itto Artifacts
3
Best Itto Team Comps
4
Itto Skills Talents
4.1
Fight Club Legend: Normal Attack
4.2
Masatsu Zetsugi Akaushi Burst: Elemental Skill
4.3
Royal Descent: Behold, Itto the Evil: Elemental Burst
5
Itto Passive Talents
5.1
Arataki Ichiban: First Ascension Passive
5.2
Bloodline of the Crimson Oni: Fourth Ascension Passive
5.3
Woodchuck Chucked: Passive Talent
6
Itto Constellations
6.1
Level 1: Stay a While and Listen Up
6.2
Level 2: Gather ‘Round, It’s a Brawl!
6.3
Level 3: Horns Lowered, Coming Through
6.4
Level 4: Jailhouse Bread and Butter
6.5
Level 5: 10 Years of Hanamizaka Fame
6.6
Level 6: Arataki Itto, Present!
7
Itto Ascension Costs Lvl 90
Itto Rating and Info
Rarity:
★★★★★
Specialties:
Main DPS
Element:
Geo
Weapon:
Claymore
Release Date:
December 01, 2020
Tier List Rating
: SS
Stats Lvl 80
HP: 11594
ATK: 234
DEF: 892
CRIT Rate 24.2%
Best Itto Builds
Itto is one of the strongest main DPS characters in Genshin Impact. There are a lot of different builds and roles for Itto, but most players are using main DPS builds. His skills are insanely powerful. They can deal with insane burst geodamage in a short period of time. So if you need a main DPS character, he is a great choice. Itto is the SS-tier character in Genshin Impact.
Best Itto Weapons
Redhorn Stonethresher
DEF is increased by 28/35/42/49/56%. Normal and Charged Attack DMG is increased by 40/50/60/70/80% of DEF.
Serpent Spine
Every 4s a character is on the field, they will deal 6/7/8/9/10% more DMG and take 3/2.7/2.4/2.1/1.8% more DMG. This effect has a maximum of 5 stacks and will not be reset if the character leaves the field, but will be cleared when the character takes DMG.
Best Itto Artifacts
Husk of Opulent Dreams
(2) DEF +30%
(4) A character equipped with this Artifact set will obtain the Curiosity effect in the following conditions: When on the field, the character gains 1 stack after hitting an opponent with a Geo attack, triggering a maximum of once every 0.3s. When off the field, the character gains 1 stack every 3s. Curiosity can stack up to 4 times, each providing 6% DEF and a 6% Geo DMG Bonus. When 6 seconds pass without gaining a Curiosity stack, 1 stack is lost.
Best Itto Team Comps
Character 1
Character 2
Character 3
Character 4
Itto
Gorou
Albedo
Diona
Itto
Traveler (Geo)
Fischl
Beidou
Itto
Gorou
Zhongli
Raiden Shogun
Itto
Xiangling
Geo Traveler
Noelle
There are a lot of team comps that you can make in Genshin Impact with Itto. We recommend team comps that we think are best for Itto. There are a lot of different characters, and there is a high chance that you do not have some of them. So you should create your team comps, test them out, and see what is best for you and your playstyle. With that, you will become better at the game, and you will know how your team works.
Itto Skills Talents
Fight Club Legend: Normal Attack
Normal Attack
Perform up to 4 consecutive strikes. When his 4th attack hits opponents, Itto will gain 2 stacks of Superlative Superstrength. Max 5 stacks. Triggering this effect will refresh the current duration of any existing stacks.
Charged Attack
When holding to initiate a Charged Attack, you may continuously Press to use Arataki Kesagiri slashes without using any Stamina. Each Arataki Kesagiri slash will consume 1 stack of Superlative Superstrength. When the final stack is consumed, Itto will unleash an especially powerful attack. When no stacks of Superlative Superstrength are available, Itto will perform a single Saichimonji Slash.
Plunging Attack
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Masatsu Zetsugi Akaushi Burst: Elemental Skill
Hurls Ushi, the young akaushi bull and auxiliary member of the Arataki Gang, dealing Geo DMG to opponents on hit. When Ushi hits opponents, Arataki Itto gains 1 stack of Superlative Superstrength. Ushi will remain on the field and provide support in the following ways:
Ushi will remain on the field and provide support in the following ways:
Taunts surrounding opponents and draws their attacks.
Inherits HP based on a percentage of Arataki Itto’s Max HP.
When Ushi takes DMG, Arataki Itto gains 1 stack of Superlative Superstrength. Only 1 stack can be gained in this way every 2s.
Ushi will flee when its HP reaches 0 or its duration ends.
It will grant Arataki Itto 1 stack of Superlative Superstrength when it leaves.
Hold
Adjust throwing angle. Ushi is considered a Geo Construct. Arataki Itto can only deploy 1 Ushi on the field at any one time.
Royal Descent: Behold, Itto the Evil: Elemental Burst
Time to show ’em the might of the Arataki Gang! For a time, Itto lets out his inner Raging Oni King, wielding his Oni King’s Kanabou in battle. This state has the following special properties:
Converts Itto’s Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attacks to Geo DMG. This cannot be overridden.
Increases Itto’s Normal Attack SPD. Also increases his ATK based on his DEF.
On hit, the 1st and 3rd strikes of his attack combo will each grant Arataki Itto 1 stack of Superlative Superstrength.
Decreases Itto’s Elemental and Physical RES by 20%.
The Raging Oni King state will be cleared when Itto leaves the field.
Itto Passive Talents
Arataki Ichiban: First Ascension Passive
When Arataki Itto uses consecutive Arataki Kesagiri, he obtains the following effects:
Each slash increases the ATK SPD of the next slash by 10%. Max ATK SPD increase is 30%.
Increases his resistance to interruption.
These effects will be cleared once he stops performing consecutive slashes.
Bloodline of the Crimson Oni: Fourth Ascension Passive
Arataki Kesagiri DMG is increased by 35% of Arataki Itto’s DEF.
Woodchuck Chucked: Passive Talent
When a party member uses attacks to obtain wood from a tree, they have a 25% chance to get an additional log of wood.
Itto Constellations
Level 1: Stay a While and Listen Up
After using Royal Descent: Behold, Itto the Evil!, Arataki Itto gains 2 stacks of Superlative Superstrength. After 1s, Itto will gain 1 stack of Superlative Superstrength every 0.5s for 1.5s.
Level 2: Gather ‘Round, It’s a Brawl!
After using Royal Descent: Behold, Itto the Evil!, each party member whose Element is Geo will decrease that skill’s CD by 1.5s and restore 6 Energy to Arataki Itto. CD can be decreased by up to 4.5s in this manner. Max 18 Energy can be restored in this manner.
Level 3: Horns Lowered, Coming Through
Increases the Level of Masatsu Zetsugi: Akaushi Burst! by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4: Jailhouse Bread and Butter
When the Raging Oni King state caused by Royal Descent: Behold, Itto the Evil! ends, all nearby party members gain 20% DEF and 20% ATK for 10s.
Level 5: 10 Years of Hanamizaka Fame
Increases the Level of Royal Descent: Behold, Itto the Evil! by 3.
Level 6: Arataki Itto, Present!
Arataki Itto’s Charged Attacks deal +70% Crit DMG. Additionally, when he uses Arataki Kesagiri, he has a 50% chance to not consume stacks of Superlative Superstrength.
Itto Ascension Costs Lvl 90
Slime Condensate x 18
Slime Secretions x 30
Slime Concentrate x 36
Onikabuto x 168
Riftborn Regalia x 46
Prithiva Topaz Sliver x 1
Prithiva Topaz Fragment x 9
Prithiva Topaz Chunk x 9
Prithiva Topaz Gemstone x 6