Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Arataki Itto materials, kit, and Constellations
Ascension and Talent materials for Itto.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Guide
by
Jessica Orr
Senior Guides Writer
Published on
April 27, 2025
Follow Genshin Impact
Arataki Itto
is a 5-Star Geo character who was added to
Genshin Impact
during version 2.3.
While Itto is featured as one of the boosted 5-Star characters on the Chronicled Wish Banner in
version 5.6
, he will eventually return to
Genshin Impact
at some point in the future when the
Banner schedule
cycles back to him.
If you want to prepare for him, we've listed
Itto's Ascension materials
and
Talent materials
so you can level him up to his full potential right away. To understand how you might play him, we've also detailed
Itto's kit
and
Constellations
.
On this page:
Itto's kit
Itto Ascension materials
Itto Talent materials
Itto Constellations
To see this content please enable targeting cookies.
Manage cookie settings
Itto kit
Itto is a
5-Star Geo character who uses a claymore
, and keeping in mind that all of the percentages mentioned below are based on Level 1 Skills, here's a summary of
Itto's kit in Genshin Impact
:
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Element
: Geo.
Rarity
: 5-Star.
Weapon
: Claymore.
Normal Attack
: Fight Club Legend.
Elemental Skill
: Masatsu Zetsugi - Akaushi Burst!
Elemental Burst
: Royal Descent - Behold, Itto the Evil!
Passive one
: Arataki Ichiban - When Itto uses consecutive Arataki Kesagiri, he obtains the following effects:
Each slash increases the attack speed of the next slash by 10%, with a max attack speed increase of 30%.
Increases Itto's resistance to interruption.
These effects will be cleared once he stops performing consecutive slashes.
Passive two
: Bloodline of the Crimson Oni - Arataki Kesagiri damage is increased by 35% of Itto's defense.
Passive three
: Woodchuck Chucked - When a party member uses attacks to obtain wood from a tree, they have a 25% chance to get an additional log of wood.
Itto Normal Attack - Fight Club Legend
Itto performs up to four consecutive shots if tapping the normal attack button. Additionally, when the second and fourth strikes hit opponents, Itto will gain one or two stacks of Superlative Superstrength, respectively, with a max of five stacks. Triggering this effect will refresh the current duration of any existing stacks.
Itto's normal attack combo does not immediately reset after sprinting or using his Elemental Skill.
Holding down the attack button instead makes Itto unleash a series of Arataki Kesagiri slashes without consuming stamina. Instead, each Arataki Kesagiri slash consumes one stack of Superlative Superstrength. When the final stack is consumed, Itto delivers a powerful final slash. If no stacks of Superlative Superstrength are available, Itto will perform a single Saichimonji Slash.
Lastly, as with most plunging attacks, Itto plunges from mid-air to strike the ground, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AOE damage upon impact.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Itto Elemental Skill - Masatsu Zetsugi: Akaushi Burst!
Itto hurls Ushi, the young akaushi bull and auxiliary member of the Arataki Gang, dealing Geo Damage to opponents on hit. When Ushi hits opponents, Itto gains one stack of Superlative Superstrength.
Ushi will remain on the field and provide support in the following ways:
Taunts surrounding opponents and draws their attacks.
Inherits HP based on a percentage of Itto's Max HP.
When Ushi takes damage, Itto gains one stack of Superlative Superstrength. Only one stack can be gained in this way every two seconds.
Ushi will flee when its HP reaches zero or its duration ends. It will grant Itto one stack of Superlative Superstrength when it leaves.
If you hold the Skill button, Itto can instead adjust the throwing angle. Ushi is considered a Geo construct, and Itto can only deploy one Ushi on the field at any one time.
Itto Elemental Burst - Royal Descent: Behold Itto the Evil!
For a time, Itto lets out his inner Raging Oni King, wielding his Oni King's Kanabou in battle. This state has the following special properties:
Converts Itto's normal, charged, and plunging attacks to Geo Damage. This cannot be overridden.
Increases Itto's normal attack speed. Also increases his attack based on his defense.
On hit, the first and third strikes of his attack combo will each grant Itto one stack of Superlative Superstrength.
Decreases Itto's Elemental and Physical Resistance by 20%.
The Raging Oni King state will be cleared when Itto leaves the field.
Itto Talent materials
Slime Concentrate.
To get the most out of using Itto, you will have to level his skills up by using Talent materials, which vary from character-to-character.
For Itto, you'll need to farm a lot of Slime and Elegance materials to fully upgrade his capabilities.
As Itto has three Talents, you will have to spend three times the Talent materials listed below to fully upgrade all of his abilities, which we've also detailed below the table.
Here's what Itto Talent materials you need to improve one of his abilities:
Itto Talent level
Itto Talent materials
Mora cost
Level 2
x3 Teachings of Elegance, x6 Slime Condensate
12,500
Level 3
x2 Guide to Elegance, x3 Slime Secretions
17,500
Level 4
x4 Guide to Elegance, x4 Slime Secretions
25,000
Level 5
x6 Guide to Elegance, x6 Slime Secretions
30,000
Level 6
x9 Guide to Elegance, x9 Slime Secretions
37,500
Level 7
x4 Philosophies of Elegance, x4 Slime Concentrate, x1 Ashen Heart
120,000
Level 8
x6 Philosophies of Elegance, x6 Slime Concentrate, x1 Ashen Heart
260,000
Level 9
x12 Philosophies of Elegance, x9 Slime Concentrate, x2 Ashen Heart
450,000
Level 10
x16 Philosophies of Elegance, x12 Slime Concentrate, x2 Ashen Heart, x1 Crown of Insight
700,000
Here's what Talent Materials you'll need to fully upgrade
one
of Itto's skills:
x1 Crown of Insight
x3 Teachings of Elegance
x6 Slime Condensate
x6 Ashen Heart
x21 Guide to Elegance
x22 Slime Secretions
x31 Slime Concentrate
x38 Philosophies of Elegance
1,652,500 Mora
To upgrade all
three
of Itto's skills, here's all the Talent Materials you'll need:
x3 Crown of Insight
x9 Teachings of Elegance
x18 Slime Condensate
x18 Ashen Heart
x63 Guide to Elegance
x66 Slime Secretions
x93 Slime Concentrate
x114 Philosophies of Elegance
4,957,500 Mora
Version 6.4 Phase 2 sees the returning 5-Star
Skirk
and a rerun of
Escoffier
. 

So don't forget to redeem
new codes
for
Primogems
to help pull them, and check out our regularly updated
tier list
.

You need luck from the
Pity and 50/50 systems
to
Wish with Fate
for characters on
Banners
, and you always need the right
Adventure Rank
for events.

Elsewhere, we have
tips and tricks for beginners
.
Itto Ascension materials
Onikabuto. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Just like Talents, you need to use Itto Ascension materials to upgrade his health, attack, defence, and critical hit effectiveness.
You'll need to farm a lot of Onikabuto and Slime materials for Itto to fully upgrade his capabilities.
Unlike Talent materials, you only need to spend the below Ascension materials once to fully raise Itto to his highest character level. There is also Acquaint Fate rewarded for reaching certain Ascension levels. You can spend this Fate on the
standard and beginner Banners
to Wish for characters and weapons.
Here's what Itto Ascension materials and Mora you need to upgrade him for each Ascension level:
Itto Ascension level
Itto Ascension materials
Mora cost
Ascension reward
Level 20
x1 Prithiva Topaz Sliver, x3 Onikabuto, x3 Slime Condensate
20,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 40
x3 Prithiva Topaz Fragment, x2 Riftborn Regalia, x10 Onikabuto, x15 Slime Condensate
40,000
None
Level 50
x6 Prithiva Topaz Fragment, x4 Riftborn Regalia, x20 Onikabuto, x12 Slime Secretions
60,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 60
x3 Prithiva Topaz Chunk, x8 Riftborn Regalia, x30 Onikabuto, x18 Slime Secretions
80,000
None
Level 70
x6 Prithiva Topaz Chunk, x12 Riftborn Regalia, x45 Onikabuto, x12 Slime Concentrate
100,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 80
x6 Prithiva Topaz Gemstone, x20 Riftborn Regalia, x60 Onikabuto, x24 Slime Concentrate
120,000
None
In total, here's
all the Ascension Materials
you need for Itto in Genshin Impact:
x1 Prithiva Topaz Sliver
x6 Prithiva Topaz Gemstone
x9 Prithiva Topaz Fragment
x9 Prithiva Topaz Chunk
x18 Slime Condensate
x30 Slime Secretions
x36 Slime Concentrate
x46 Riftborn Regalia
x168 Onikabuto
420,000 Mora
Itto Constellations
By getting duplicates of Itto from wishing on his Banner, you will receive his Stella Fortuna. This material allows you to unlock Constellation levels, with each upgrade either improving an existing Talent or Passive ability.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Here are all of
Itto's Constellations in Genshin Impact
:
Stay a While and Listen Up (C1)
: After using his Elemental Burst, Itto gains two stacks of Superlative Superstrength. After one second, Itto will gain one stack of Superlative Superstrength every 0.5 seconds for 1.5 seconds.
Gather 'Round, It's a Brawl! (C2)
: After using his Elemental Burst, each party member whose Element is Geo will decrease that skill's cooldown by 1.5 seconds and restore six Energy to Itto. Cooldown can be decreased by up to 4.5 seconds in this manner. Max 18 Energy can be restored in this manner.
Horns Lowered, Coming Through (C3)
: Increases the level of Itto's Elemental Skill by three, with the maximum upgrade level of 15.
Jailhouse Bread and Butter (C4)
: When the Raging Oni King state caused by his Elemental Burst ends, all nearby party members gain 20% defense and 20% attack for 10 seconds.
10 Years of Hanamizaka Fame (C5)
: Increases the level of Itto's Elemental Burst by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Arataki Itto, Present! (C6)
: Itto's charged attacks deal +70% Crit Damage. Additionally, when he uses Arataki Kesagiri, he has a 50% chance to not consume stacks of Superlative Superstrength.
Good luck levelling up Itto in Genshin Impact!