Top 3 Teams For Arataki Itto In Genshin Impact
Yooki
-
Dec 15, 2021
|
Mobile Games
Have you got the best team for the new Geo DPS - Itto? Here are the three best teams for Arataki Itto in Genshin Impact you can build.
All Uses And Achievements Of Genshin Impact Omni Ubiquity Net
Simple But Effective Genshin Impact Party Setup For Beginners Or F2P Players
How To Add New Companion Kageroumaru To Genshin Impact Teapot Realm
Arataki Itto is a new Geo DPS character in Genshin Impact 2.3. Many players have obtained this character from his banner. Have you got the best build for him? Here are the three
best teams for Arataki Itto
in Genshin Impact.
#1. Mono Geo Team
Mono Geo team is one of the best teams for Arataki Itto when you have had three other Geo characters in your collection. Itto is a powerful Geo DPS when you upgrade his to max level. Moreover, his claymore will turn into a big Raging Oni King to deal higher damage during the phase of his elemental burst. The power of Geo Resonance is incredible.
Arataki Itto is a new Geo DPS character in Genshin Impact.
You should pair him with Zhongli -
the most powerful archon in Genshin Impact
. Zhongli can play as a 2nd DPS fighter in this team. It's very great if you have got Gorou and Albedo from the Secretum Secretorum banner and Oni's Royale banner. Gorou performs the most powerful buffs to the Defense ability of this team. You can use Noelle and Ningguang if you don't have Albedo.
The only-Geo team includes four Geo characters.
All three Geo characters to pair with Albedo are only available to obtain from Wish Banners. You need to use as many fates as possible to get them. Besides, Zhongli Rerun Banner is coming back to the game in the next update. Try to get him if you hasn't obtain this Geo Archon from previous banners.
#2. Bennett Buff Team
The combination of Bennett's Pyro element and Itto's Geo element makes a solid Pyro shield. Bennett is one of the best supporters in Genshin Impact. He will give Itto an insane buff thanks to his elemental burst. If you don't have a great artifact set for
Itto best build
, Bennett will help Itto deal tons of damage.
Itto and Bennett make a great combo.
The two other characters in this team can be Albedo and Gorou. While Gorou gives him defense, Albedo can be a Geo sub-DPS for insane Geo resonance.
Itto Best Team Combo Showcase Genshin Impact
#3. Energy Recharge Team
The great Energy Recharge bonus stats of Raiden Shogun and particle generation ability of Ningguang make the elemental burst of Itto full of energy. It solves the problem of energy for this Geo DPS. His charged attack will deal insane damage to the opponent. The
team of Raiden Shogun
and Itto is very strong and useful.
Baal helps buff Itto's charged attack thanks to her Energy Recharge.
>>> Also Read:
Genshin Impact Onikabuto Locations: Best Farming Route
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Guide
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025