Genshin Impact: Best Team Builds For Tighnari
Genshin Impact Tighnari Team Compositions
By
Lina Hassen
Published
Aug 29, 2022, 7:30 AM EDT
Lina Hassen is a video game strategy guide writer for Screen Rant with an interest in RPGs, rhythm games, slice-of-life sims, and everything in-between. Her gaming experience spans around 12 years and counting. Currently a college student, when she's not studying or gaming, she's making music with friends or watching anime with her roommate.
Sign in to your
ScreenRant
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
The Best Team Compositions for Tighnari
Which Characters to Use with Tighnari
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Genshin Impact
Version 3.0 has finally been released, along with a new character Tighnari and many players would like to build a team around the new 5-star character. He is a Dendro Bow user featured on the first Limited Banner of Version 3.0. He will also be added to the Standard Banner after the update, meaning players will always be able to pull Tighnari through the Wish system.
Version 3.0 has come with
Genshin Impact's
new region of Sumeru
, meaning players now have a new region with new areas to explore, quests to complete, and enemies to take down. If players are interested in using Tighnari to wipe out opponents in the new region, they want to pair him with the right teammates.
Related:
Genshin Impact Confirms Collei, Dori, & Tighnari As Playable For 3.0
Tighnari is the Main DPS, meaning he will be on the field to deal most of his damage. Because of this, players will want to pair him with good Sub-DPS and Support Units to maximize his damage output. Here are the best characters for premium and free-to-play players to build on a team with Tighnari.
The Best Team Compositions for Tighnari
Genshin Impact Tighnari Elemental Burst
How Dendro Works
Players will need to understand how the
new Dendro element in
Genshin Impact
works to understand which characters pair best with Tighnari. Dendro has Elemental Reactions with Electro, Hydro, and Pyro. When Dendro combines with Electro, it causes a Quicken Reaction, which gives the on-field character a DMG bonus when attacking.
When Dendro is combined with Hydro, it causes the Bloom Reaction, which deals AoE Dendro DMG. Then, if players add Electro to the mix, it further gets enhanced with an effect called Hyperbloom, which deals additional AoE Dendro DMG on enemies. Finally, if players add Pyro to Bloom Reaction, it creates Burgeon, which deals even more AoE Dendro DMG.
Finally, combining Dendro with Pyro creates a Burning Reaction, which deals AoE Pyro damage over time. By looking at these reactions, it’s clear that pairing Tighnari with Electro and Pyro Sub-DPS characters allows the team to create Elemental Reactions that deal additional damage while using one of
Genshin Impact's
Hydro Support or Sub-DPS
can further enhance this damage with additional smaller reactions.
Related:
Every New Artifact In Genshin Impact 3.0
Which Characters to Use with Tighnari
For a Sub-DPS unit, players will want to use an Electro or Pyro character that doesn’t have to be on the field to do damage. This includes characters like the Raiden Shogun, who can deal large amounts of damage with her Elemental Burst, even when other characters are on the field. Regarding 4-Star units, players can also use Fischl, who deals Electro DMG using Oz’s turret while she’s off the field. Players with Yae Miko in
Genshin Impact
can also use her, as she can deal massive AoE Electro DMG over time with her off-field abilities.
For the next Sub-DPS, players should use a Pyro unit to proc Burning and Burgeon reactions. For 5-Star characters, characters can put on another Main DPS like
Hu Tao in
Genshin Impact
, who can quickly come on the field to deal large amounts of Pyro DMG with her Elemental Skill before switching back to Tighnari. Players can also use a Sub-DPS like Xiangling, whose Elemental Burst enables constant Pyro reactions. Bennett is also a great choice, as he can deal small amounts of Pyro damage while enabling massive damage boosts and healing for other party members with his Elemental Burst (Elemental Bursts are one of the best ways to deal damage).
Pyro user Bennett in Genshin Impact standing with his hands on his hips.
For the final party member, players should pick a Hydro character to enable Bloom reactions and provide additional support to the party.
Genshin Impact
's Xingqiu
is one of the best 4-Star Supports in the game, as he can provide large amounts of Hydro DMG and proc reactions while off-field, as well as provide some healing to the character on the field. Yelan is also an excellent 5-Star choice for a Hydro Sub-DPS since she can deal large amounts of damage and increase the DMG stats of the team’s Main DPS unit with her Elemental Burst.
Since Tighnari’s Elemental Skill allows him to create illusions that taunt opponents, using another character with a taunt like Kokomi can be redundant. Here are some great team compositions for Tighnari that allow him to take full advantage of all the
Dendro reactions in
Genshin Impact
.
Related:
Genshin Impact: Bennett Ascension & Material Farming Guide
Tighnari Free-to-Play Main DPS Team
Tighnari
Fischl
Bennett
Xingqiu
Tighnari Premium Main DPS Team
Tighnari
Hu-Tao or Yelan (use Yelan to proc Bloom reactions, use Hu-Tao to deal additional Pyro DMG with Bennett’s Pyro Resonance)
Raiden Shogun or Yae Miko
Bennett
Players who want to use the other new 4-Star Dendro Bow user Collei on the same team will be able to enable Dendro Resonance. In addition, when two Dendro characters are on the same team, “Sprawling Greenery” will be enabled, which boosts the
Elemental Mastery of all characters
on the team by 50.
This boost is excellent for Anemo characters who scale Elemental Mastery, like Kaedahara Kazuha, Sucrose, Venti, and Xiao. In addition, certain Main DPS units like Hu-Tao and Diluc, as well as Sub-DPS and Support units like Yae Miko, Xingqiu, and Xiangling, also benefit enormously from an Elemental Mastery boost, meaning players have a lot of solid choices if they want to try out some unique team compositions and focus their team's damage around this Elemental Mastery bonus in
Genshin Impact
.
Collei Gameplay in Genshin Impact
Tighnari Free-to-Play Dendro Resonance Team
Tighnari (Main DPS)
Collie (Sub-DPS)
Xiangling (Sub-DPS)
Sucrose (Support)
Tighnari Premium Dendro Resonance Team
Hu Tao (Main DPS)
Tighnari (Sub-DPS)
Collei (Sub-DPS)
Yae Miko, Xingqiu, or Kazuha (Support)
Players can use Tighnari as a Sub-DPS if they want, but since Tighnari needs to be on the field using Charged Attacks to deal most of his damage, making him share the spotlight with another Main DPS doesn’t allow him to play at his full potential. So instead, if players have another strong DPS in
Genshin Impact
they want to use alongside him, they should use one that relies on their Elemental abilities that may have long cooldowns or deal their damage in quick bursts. This includes characters like Hu-Tao, Tartaglia, Yelan, and Xiao, who act as Co-Main-DPS units and deal large amounts of damage in a short time.
In the end, as long as players have four characters appropriately built with the
right weapons and Artifacts
, any combination of characters is feasible and will perform well enough to beat most of the enemies in the game with relative ease. Players should build their team compositions based on what is fun for them to play and which
Genshin Impact
characters they enjoy having on the field the most.
Gaming
Game Guides
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Trending Now
Daredevil: Born Again Season 2 Officially Rewrites Krysten Ritter’s Jessica Jones
Peacock's 10-Part Spy Series Beat James Bond At His Own Game
PlayStation Plus Gamers Praise "10/10" Free Open-World RPG