Want to know the best
Genshin Impact Collei team composition
? Collei, the new
Dendro
user, has joined the
anime game
with the
3.0 update
. Since she's one of the first users of the new element, there's even more to think about when building a team around her. We're here to help you build the best Collei team comp available in Genshin Impact, as well as the best free-to-play alternative.
Collei is best used in a sub DPS role, as you can see from our best
Collei build
. As such, her team needs to be rounded out with a main DPS and a support to compliment her. The green-haired Dendro user is available from current
3.0 banners
, as well as the
Graven Innocence event
, so here are the best characters to team her up with.
The best Genshin Impact Collei team comp is:
Tighnari
Yae Miko
Collei
Zhongli
You definitely want an Electro user in a team with Collei (or Tighnari) thanks to the new elemental reaction Catalyze. Using an Electro attack on an opponent already afflicted with Dendro - or vice versa - will result in the powerful elemental reaction. Yae Miko is one of very few five-star Electro users, and while we rate
Raiden Shogun
slightly higher in our Genshin Impact tier list, she suits a support role. For our Collei team,
Zhongli
is preferable in the support role, while Yae Miko is an excellent Electro sub DPS. If you're lucky enough to pull both Tighnari and Collei from the new banner, Tighnari is the best main DPS for this team, especially since he can also be used for Catalyze.
The best free-to-play Collei team in Genshin Impact is:
Xiangling
Lisa
Collei
Barbara
In this free-to-play build, Lisa can easily replace Yae Miko as a solid Electro-user, ready to make the most of the Catalyze elemental reaction alongside Collei herself. While not a Dendro user, Xiangling is the strongest free
Genshin Impact character
, and best suited for the main DPS, with Barbara in support, ready to heal.
Razer Iskur X - Genshin Impact Edition
Razer Iskur X - Genshin Impact Edition
Razer
$499.00
Buy Now
Network N earns affiliate commission from qualifying sales.
So now you know the best teams to get ahead in Genshin Impact 3.0, you can master the Dendro element in no time. Increase your chances of drawing other new characters from
upcoming banners
with our list of
Genshin Impact codes
, granting you bonus Primogems.