Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Seeds of Destruction
The best Genshin Impact Collei team comps
The best Collei teams give you a chance to experiment with every new Dendro reaction
Guide
by
Josh Broadwell
Contributor
Updated on
Aug. 24, 2022
0 comments
Follow Genshin Impact
The best
Genshin Impact
Collei teams
are designed to reduce Dendro resistance and generate powerful elemental reactions with the new element introduced in Genshin version 3.0. Collei is a sub-DPS, but she's a strong one who can potentially whittle even the most formidable of foes down with her skills and burst. And since
Dendro reactions
have multiple branching paths, the possibilities are even greater than with your usual sub-DPS.
What is the best Genshin Impact Collei team comp?
Collei is a multipurpose character designed to deal repeated Dendro damage with her burst and to generate the Sprout effect with her skill. She might not have Dendro as a secondary stat like Tighnari, but the right
Collei build
can make use of relatively short cooldown times and low energy requirements to deal a significant amount of Dendro damage and set off several reactions.
And there’s plenty of Dendro reactions to choose from in
Genshin Impact 3.0
. HoYoverse added two base reactions and four that split depending on what element you use after the initial reaction. At this point, it seems like Quicken is the reaction that has the strongest potential. Quicken occurs when Electro and Dendro meet, and it increases the damage that Dendro and Electro deal as a result.
Hydro is also a strong pick since if you want to have a bit more fun with your reactions. It triggers Bloom, which creates Dendro cores. You can use Pyro on the cores to cause explosions or Electro to generate a set of homing arrows.
Collei elemental team
Collei
Zhongli
Fischl, Yae Miko, Keqing, or Raiden Shogun
Ayato, Xingqiu, or Mona
Zhongli
is the most important character in this setup (and the one you should pull for in the Genshin 3.0 banners if you don’t have him already and want to build a meta team). He’s the only way to
reduce Dendro resistance,
since the element doesn’t work with Swirl. The resistance debuff is also a smart way to lower resistance to other elements so the reactions Collei triggers are even more potent.
But that's just for a meta team. Collei with a four-piece Deepwood Memories gets a Dendro debuff anyway, and in our experience playing as her early in version 3.0, the gains Zhongli provides are, while helpful, not vital.
The ideal choice for an
Electro character is one whose abilities remain active while they’re off the field
. If you didn’t get Fischl during the Summer Fantasia event, she’s running alongside Collei in the first set of banners as well.
A tentative order of attacks for this build is using Collei’s skill, swapping to your Electro character and using their skill, then switching to Collei to use her Burst and trigger multiple Dendro hits. You could also start with Collei's burst, then switch to your Electro DPS and take advantage of the Quicken reaction to trigger Aggravate and deal higher Electro damage. Spread will probably pop up as well while Culein-Anbar is bouncing around, so just these two alone is a good setup for dealing a lot of damage quickly.
The same logic guides our Hydro choices.
Mona is the best choice for speed
if you want the easiest way to apply Hydro, since she deals Hydro damage just by sprinting or using a normal attack. Xingqiu or Yelan would be a strong second option, but I've also found quite a bit of success with Ayato using the Favonius Sword. His energy is almost always topped up, and his burst makes it possible to continuously generate and explode Cores.
We’re tentatively ignoring the Pyro effect on cores, since it seems like the option that gets you the least amount of damage for your trouble. The Dendro explosion that occurs is potent, but at this point, we like Electro and Hydro the most.
Collei F2P team
Collei
Xiangling
Barbara
Lisa
Collei’s F2P team is essentially the same as
Tighnari’s F2P team
. Lisa is a key member of this team since she can easily help trigger Quicken. Barbara functions like Mona in this setup and helps create Dendro cores through the Bloom reaction. If the core explosion damage is high enough, it may be worth sticking with Barbara for a bit and using her to generate cores until the effect ends.
Xiangling lets you experiment with burning, where you can fire off her burst, then use Collei’s burst for a lengthy period of continuous burning. You can also use Xiangling for burgeon, the explosion that happens when Pyro meets a Dendro core. Just bear in mind the explosion from burgeon can harm your character as well.
If you're saving up for future
Genshin Impact banners
, make sure to check out our up-do-date list of
Genshin Impact codes
for some free Primogems.