Most Used Teams & Characters In Genshin Impact Spiral Abyss 4.1
Harsha
-
Oct 08, 2023
|
Mobile Games
If you want to pull a 9-star performance in Spiral Abyss 4.1, check out the most used teams and characters in Genshin Impact this season!
All Genshin Impact 4.1 Radiant Harvest Event Locations, Tips & Rewards
[Updated] All 150 Genshin Impact Hydroculus Locations & BEST Farming Routes
Genshin Impact 4.1 Spiral Abyss: New Enemy & Blessing Timeline
Genshin Impact's game strategy changes with each update. Only a few characters stay important despite big shifts. When new characters come into the game, they usually become the center of attention, unless they have a bad weapon or skills.
Recently, a new chart has been released showcasing the most popular characters for Spiral Abyss 4.1. The game underwent several changes, with the addition of new characters, weapons, and enemies. Which are the
most used teams in Spiral Abyss 4.1
? Spoiler alert, many of the characters come from Sumeru, while others have experienced a decline in popularity over the last couple of weeks.
1. Best teams for Spiral Abyss 4.1 Genshin Impact
What about the top 10 teams for Spiral Abyss 4.1? Check out the most used ones for each half.
First half
In the first half of floor 12 in Spiral Abyss 4.1, players should prioritize teams with decent AoE skills. Therefore, we have:
Alhaitham, Nahida, Xingqiu, Kuki Shinobu
Ayaka, Kazuha, Kokomi, Shenhe
: Ayaka Hypercarry maintains a favorite option as they can take out monsters in the blink of an eye.
Hu Tao, Zhongli, Yelan, Xingqiu
: Although Hu Tao is not popular for AoE and this team may not be the best for crowd control, they can still wipe out opponents with their elemental reactions.
Alhaitham/Tighnari, Yae Miko, Nahida, Zhongli
: Dendro and Electro damage is the biggest edge that this roster can offer.
Lyney, Kazuha, Bennett, Zhongli
Which are the most used teams in Spiral Abyss 4.1? Players should definitely prioritize teams with decent AoE skills.
Second half
For the second half of Spiral Abyss floor 12 of version 4.1, all teams have a noticeable single-target damage.
Childe, Kazuha, Xiangling, Bennett
: The Childe National team continues to take the top spot as they are suitable for both AoE and single-target strategies.
Nahida, Yelan/Kokomi, Nilou, Baizhu/DendroTraveler
Neuvillette, Childe, Kazuha, Baizhu
: This team is created mainly to flaunt the most potential of
Neuvillette
.
Nahida, Xingqiu, Yelan, Kuki Shinobu
: Bloom team never fails to impress when it comes to fighting single-target enemies in Genshin Impact. Yelan and Xingqiu can also create the most powerful Hydro attacks to defeat the enemies.
Raiden Shogun, Yelan, Xiangling, Bennett
As enemies on floor 12-2-2 mostly bear the Cryo and Anemo element, it is understandable why DPS with these elements are less used.
>> Don't miss:
Furina Materials: Ascension & Talent Boosts You Must Have For Genshin Impact Hydro Archon
2. Most used characters in Genshin Impact Spiral Abyss 4.1
A chart made by fans on Reddit has compiled the most popular units for Spiral Abyss 4.1. And top most used characters are
Nahida
,
Kazuha
, and
Yelan
.
Nahida
topped the list with an impressive 83.1% usage rate.
The meta seems to have stayed quite consistent, as these three banners dominated Spiral Abyss version 4.0 last month.
For the S-tier, we have Zhongli, Xingqiu, Alhaitham, and Bennett. One of the newest characters in the game, Neuvillette, also makes it into the top 10 with a usage rate of 61.1%. Although he is quite a newbie in terms of appearance in Genshin Impact, many players have considered him a must-have thanks to his powerful kit.
A list of top most used characters alongside the most used teams in Spiral Abyss 4.1.
Meanwhile, characters like Kokomi, Baizhu, Kuki Shinobu, Tartaglia are also used frequently for this season's challenges. It is evident that players aimed for reactions revolving around Hydro, Electro, and Dendro elements.
Another Sumeru-based character,
Wanderer
, holds a lower rank than Nahida. He has an average rate of 21.1%, likely due to a power gap between them.
Although the land of Hydro has recently arrived, its native characters have yet to become the top choices for players. We should wait and see if there is any surprise regarding this matter in the time coming.
>>> Another update on Genshin Impact:
Genshin Healers Became META After Fontaine DPS Comes Out
3. Least used characters in Spiral Abyss 4.1
Unfortunately, not every character could maintain their relevance in the meta. Besides the most used characters, players should also pay attention to the least used names for reference. Banners featuring Aloy, Diluc, Thoma, and 33 others fell short of achieving a 5% usage rate.
To secure victories this season, players must mix both close-up and long-range characters with diverse elements. A significant number of players concentrate on blending different elements to optimize their team's performance.
This can be understood as each Spiral Abyss season will feature different types of opponents. Players should opt for the best roster in order to finish the battle in time, hence getting all the rewards they deserve.
These characters are not really a favor in Spiral Abyss 4.1, even powerful ones like Venti or Ganyu.
While most Hydro, Electro, and Dendro characters took the top spots in Spiral Abyss version 4.1, other units that ranked in the B and C-tiers may find another time to shine. Let's look forward to version 4.2 and 4.3 Spiral Abyss updates.
>>> Also read:
Top Picked Characters For Spiral Abyss 4.1: Neuvillette Entered Top 10
Tags
#genshin impact 4.1
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Guide
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025