Inside Inazuma’s Aisa Bathhouse, you’ll find
Genshin Impact’s Mizuki
, a yumekui-baku clinical psychologist with a passion for helping people. Below, you’ll find everything we know so far about her personality, background, and build ahead of her release.
If you’re planning on pulling for Mizuki, make sure you check out our Genshin Impact codes guide to stock up on those precious primogems. We’ve also got builds for tons of other strong Teyvat residents like Genshin Impact’s Clorinde, Genshin Impact’s Furina, and Genshin Impact’s Klee.
Here’s everything in our Genshin Impact Mizuki guide.
Genshin Impact Mizuki release date
Genshin Impact’s Mizuki joins the playable character roster on February 12, 2025.
She is set to appear on the first Genshin Impact banner of version 5.4, alongside Genshin Impact’s Sigewinne.
What do we know about Mizuki’s element and build?
Mizuki is a five-star catalyst wielder with an anemo vision.
Her entire kit revolves around triggering reactions and increasing swirl damage for her team, making her a versatile off-field driver. Her ultimate also has healing potential, depending on your team’s overall health.
While we don’t know its exact properties just yet, it’s likely that Mizuki’s best weapon will be her signature catalyst, Sunny Morning Sleep-In. Like other anemo characters, her kit is perfect for a four-piece set of Viridescent Venerer to further increase her team’s swirl damage.
Who is Yumemizuki Mizuki?
Yumemizuki Mizuki is a yumekui-baku yokai who works as a clinical psychologist in Inazuma’s Aisa Bathhouse. She treats her patients with aromatherapy and relaxation techniques before using her yokai powers to consume their harmful nightmares.
Mizuki has traveled all over Teyvat to learn the best methods for treating nightmares and has made a fair few friends along the way, including Genshin Impact’s Mualani, who is helping her set up shop in Natlan. She also grew up alongside Genshin Impact’s Yae Miko, and the two have a friendly rivalry.
Who are Mizuki’s voice actors?
Mizuki’s English voice actor is Naomi McDonald, who is best known for voicing Wuthering Waves’ Yinlin and Sheba in Xenoblade Chronicles 2. Aizawa Saya provides her Japanese voice, as well as the voice of Coralie in Honkai Impact 3rd and Pompeo Magno in Azur Lane.
Mizuki’s Chinese voice provider, Fu Meng Ruo Wei, has voiced several characters across the Honkai series, and her Korean voice actor, Kim Seo-hyun, is an up-and-coming talent who has mostly worked on anime and shows like Super Sentai.
That’s everything we know so far about Genshin Impact’s Mizuki. There’s so much to do across all of Hoyoverse’s games, so check out our builds for Honkai Star Rail’s Dan Heng, Honkai Star Rail’s Guinaifen, and Honkai Star Rail’s Himeko next.
Original Source Link