Tartaglia is a playable Hydro character in Genshin Impact. He is one of the most powerful and thus popular champions. We decided to write this guide to help you learn more about Tartaglia. In our Genshin Impact Tartaglia Build and Best Team Comp post you will learn about Tartaglia’s talents, how they work and how to upgrade them. Also, you will read about his Constellations that will help you make Tartaglia even more powerful. After that, we have written Genshin Impact Tartaglia Build where you’ll see weapon and artifact set. And at last, we have mentioned the best team comps for Tartaglia as the Main DPS hero.
Note that Tartaglia is also known as Childe, If you wanted to find build for Childe Genshin Impact this is the one you’ve been looking for.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
The whole information is presented in tables. You can use the navigation bar above to move quickly to the information block that you are most interested in.
Talents
Constellations
Build
Team
Tartaglia Build
Below you can see the best weapon option for playing Tartaglia in Genshin Impact. Accompanied by the best Tartaglia artifact set and its stat priorities.
Main DPS Build
If you play this champion as a Sub DPS in your comp you should take the weapon and artifacts from the list below. They are believed to be the most effective ones in almost all situations.
Weapon
Polar Star
Weapon Substitutes:
Thundering Pulse
,
Rust
,
The Viridescent Hunt
.
Artifact Set
Heart of Depth
(4-Piece)
Artifact Main Stats Priority:
ATK%
Hydro DMG Bonus
CRIT Rate / CRIT DMG
Sub Stats Priority: CRIT DMG > CRIT Rate > ATK% > Elemental Mastery / Energy Recharge
Talent Priority
Foul Legacy: Raging Tide > Havoc: Obliteration > Cutting Torrent
Best Team Compositions for Tartaglia
When you play Genshin Impact everything depends not only on your main character but also on the composition. You should learn how elements complement each other and build the best team for your main. Below you can see the best team composition for Tartaglia with two sub DPS character and one support. Also, we have included alternative characters for each role that go well with Tartaglia too.
Beidou will dealing damage to enemies while Childe is on cooldown. Fischl skills with Tartaglia ones powers him up and let him deal constant AoE Electro Charge. Also, Fischl’s Electro debuff is useful in the combination with Oz for increased DNG to multiple enemies. Meanwhile she helps Beidou to recharge her Burst. As in many other comps, Bennett is great support for healing and cleansing.
Good characters for this comp:
Ganyu, Xiangling, Albedo, Zhongli, Kaedehara Kazuha, Venti, Diona.
If you want to know more about every teammate for Tartaglia you can click on the link below and find them in the list of all Genshin Impact characters that we have described.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
In case you are still not sure what champion you want to pick as main we have
Genshin Impact characters tier list
with explanations on how to build your best team.
Tartaglia Talents
Below you can see the list of talents that Tartaglia uses during the fight. Each of them we have described with the main characteristics.
Cutting Torrent
Normal Attack
Normal Attack:
Perform up to 6 consecutive shots with a bow.
Charged Attack:
Perform a more precise Aimed Shot with increased DMG.
While aiming, the power of Hydro will accumulate on the arrowhead. A arrow fully charged with the torrent will deal Hydro DMG and apply the Riptide status.
Riptide
:
Opponents affected by Riptide will suffer from AoE Hydro DMG effects when attacked by Tartaglia in various ways. DMG dealt in this way is considered Normal Attack DMG.
Riptide Flash:
A fully-charged Aimed Shot that hits an opponent affected by Riptide deals consecutive bouts of AoE DMG. Can occur once every 0.7s.
Riptide Burst:
Defeating an opponent affected by Riptide creates a Hydro burst that inflicts the Riptide status on nearby opponents hit.
Plunging Attack:
Fires off a shower of arrows in mid-air before falling and striking the ground, dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
When Tartaglia is in Foul Legacy: Raging Tide’s Melee Stance, he cannot perform a plunging attack.
Foul Legacy: Raging Tide
Elemental Skill
Unleashes a set of weaponry made of pure water, dealing Hydro DMG to surrounding opponents and entering Melee Stance.
In this Stance, Tartaglia’s Normal and Charged Attacks are converted to Hydro DMG that cannot be overridden by any other elemental infusion and change as follows:
Normal Attack:
Perform up to 6 consecutive Hydro strikes.
Charged Attack:
Consumes a certain amount of Stamina to unleash a cross slash, dealing Hydro DMG.
Riptide Slash:
Hitting an opponent affected by Riptide with a melee attack unleashes a Riptide Slash that deals AoE Hydro DMG. DMG dealt in this way is considered Elemental Skill DMG, and can only occur once every 1.5s.
After 30s, or when the ability is unleashed again, this skill will end. Tartaglia will return to his Ranged Stance and this ability will enter CD.
The longer Tartaglia stays in his Melee Stance, the longer the CD.
If the return to a ranged stance occurs automatically after 30s, the CD is even longer.
Havoc: Obliteration
Elemental Burst
Performs different attacks based on what stance Tartaglia is in when casting.
Ranged Stance: Flash of Havoc
Swiftly fires a Hydro-imbued magic arrow, dealing AoE Hydro DMG and applying the Riptide status.
Returns a portion of its Energy Cost after use.
Melee Stance: Light of Obliteration
Performs a slash with a large AoE, dealing massive Hydro DMG to all surrounding opponents, which triggers Riptide Blast.
Riptide Blast
When the obliterating waters hit an opponent affected by Riptide, it clears their Riptide status and triggers a Hydro Explosion that deals AoE Hydro DMG.
DMG dealt in this way is considered Elemental Burst DMG.
Never Ending
1st Ascension Passive
Extends Riptide duration by 8s.
Sword of Torrents
4th Ascension Passive
When Tartaglia is in Foul Legacy: Raging Tide’s Melee stance, on dealing a CRIT hit, Normal and Charged Attacks apply the Riptide status effects to opponents.
Master of Weaponry
Utility Passive
Increases your own party members’ Normal Attack Level by 1.
Every talent can be upgraded up to level 15. But to do so you will need to gather materials on particular days. The list of the needed materials for leveling Tartaglia’s talents is mentioned in the next block.
Talent Leveling Materials
So here you can see all materials that you will need in order to level up Tartaglia’s talents.
Talent Level-Up Materials
Freedom Books:
Teachings of Freedom
,
Guide to Freedom
,
Philosophies of Freedom
.
Common Ascension Materials
Recruit’s Insignia
,
Sergeant’s Insignia
,
Lieutenant’s Insignia
.
Weekly Boss Material
Shard of a Foul Legacy
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
Some of them are required at the beginning for low levels and others are more advanced. We just wanted to focus your attention on material types in general.
Tartaglia Constellations
In Genshin Impact characters have a specific upgrade system called constellation. You will need to get a specific item called Stella Fortuna to increase the level of constellation. Each character has their own version of Stella Fortuna, which you get by obtaining a duplicate of the character from Wishes.
Level 1
Foul Legacy: Tide Withholder
Decreases the CD of Foul Legacy: Raging Tide by 20%
Level 2
Foul Legacy: Understream
When opponents affected by Riptide are defeated, Tartaglia regenerates 4 Elemental Energy.
Level 3
Abyssal Mayhem: Vortex of Turmoil
Increases the Level of Foul Legacy: Raging Tide by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4
Abyssal Mayhem: Hydrospout
If Tartaglia is in Foul Legacy: Raging Tide’s Melee Stance, triggers Riptide Slash against opponents on the field affected by Riptide every 4s, otherwise, triggers Riptide Flash.
Riptide Slashes and Riptide Flashes triggered by this Constellation effect are not subject to the time intervals that would typically apply to these two Riptide effects, nor do they have any effect on those time intervals.
Level 5
Havoc: Formless Blade
Increases the Level of Havoc: Obliteration by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6
Havoc: Annihilation
When Havoc: Obliteration is cast in Melee Stance, the CD of Foul Legacy: Raging Tide is reset.
This effect will only take place once Tartaglia returns to his Ranged Stance.
Every Genshin Impact character has own set of constellations above you can see Tartaglia constellations list with descriptions.
Ascension Materials
In addition, there are ascension phases that increase the level cap for your character. After Tartaglia reaches the 20th level she can be ascended to the next ascension phase, up to phase 6, which allow getting 90th level.
Character Ascension Materials
Varunada Lazurite:
Varunada Lazurite Sliver
,
Varunada Lazurite Fragment
,
Varunada Lazurite Chunk
,
Varunada Lazurite Gemstone
.
Cleansing Heart
Common Ascension Materials
Recruit’s Insignia
,
Sergeant’s Insignia
,
Lieutenant’s Insignia
.
Local Specialty
Starconch
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
In order to level up ascension phases you’ll need materials. So the list of those required for Tartaglia is listed above.
Artem R.
I have been an avid gamer since childhood. My favorite genres are RPGs, Action, and MMOs. Some of my all-time favorite games include the Diablo and Path of Exile ARPG series, the Dark Souls series, and JRPGs like Xenoblade, Atelier, and the Final Fantasy. I am also a big fan of the PSP and PS Vita, and I currently enjoy gaming on my Nintendo Switch.
Post Views:
9,067
Please share it with your friends
Tags:
Genshin Impact
Post navigation
Previous
Epic Games Store Free Mystery Games – May 2021 Sale
Next
WoW Burning Crusade Classic Classes Tier List