Tartaglia
is a bow-wielding hydro character who was released all the way back in
Genshin Impact
version
1.1
. He was the first event-exclusive
Hydro character
. During his release, many players considered him to be a bad unit due to being unfamiliar with the way his abilities work. It took theorycrafters a long time to figure out the intricacies of his unique abilities and finally create the most optimal team compositions for Tartaglia. In this guide, we will talk about the best team compositions of Tartaglia in Genshin Impact.
Best Team Compositions of Tartaglia in Genshin Impact
Image via miHoYo
1. International Team
International is Tartaglia’s best team. It is a variation is the standard National team (
Bennett/Xiangling/Xinqiu
) where Xinqiu is replaced by Tartaglia. The fourth slot of the team is given to Kazuha.
Hydro applier
Buffer/Healer/Battery
Pyro applier
Grouping/enemy resistance shred/elemental DMG bonus
Tartaglia
Bennett
Xiangling
Kazuha
Kazuha can double-swirl both
Pyro and Hydro to increase DMG
from both Xiangling and Tartaglia. In this team, Tartaglia is applying Hydro to enable Xiangling to cause vaporize the entire duration of her burst. Bennett and Kazuha will buff them both. This team is great in both single and multi-target situations.
2. Tartaglia National Team
This is a variant of the National team where Tartaglia replaces
Xinqiu
and the fourth slot is given to
Sucrose
. Prior to the release of Kazuha, this used to be Tartaglia’s best team.
Hydro applier
Buffer/Healer/Battery
Pyro applier
Grouping/enemy resistance shred/EM share
Tartaglia
Bennett
Xiangling
Sucrose
Even though Tartaglia International has overtaken Tartaglia National as his best team, this team is still highly competent and can dish out huge amounts of DMG while Xiangling’s burst is active. This team is great in both single and multi-target situations.
3. Fireworks Team
The Fireworks team utilizes high multi-target DMG output of both
Tartaglia
and
Beido
u. At C2, Beidou’s burst can jump between two additional targets, this increases her DMG by a significant amount.
Fischl
acts as a battery for Beidou while causing a lot of DMG through her A4 passive.
Hydro applier
Burst DMG
Sub-DPS/battery
Buffer/Healer
Tartaglia
Beidou
Fischl
Bennett
Tartaglia is the one that drives the team with his fast Hydro applications. Bennet buffs all of them as well as provide necessary healing.
Image via HoYoverse
This team is at its peak while fighting two targets. It does not perform at its peak against one target. Against more than three targets, the DMG is better than a single target but worse than exactly two targets. The DMG becomes more spread out, but it’s not bad by any means.
Final thoughts
Tartaglia is one of the most misunderstood main DPS characters in Genshin Impact due to the way his abilities were designed. He cannot be played like a traditional hyper-carry main DPS. He is a team player and he performs best when played in a team built around him. The teams discussed here are his top three best teams and when the rotations are executed perfectly his DMG skyrockets. But on the other hand, players are punished heavily for making even tiny mistakes in the rotations. Players are advised to practice the rotations perfectly to squeeze out maximum DMG from Tartaglia teams.
Read about our other Genshin Impact articles
What are your thoughts about our guide on Best Team Compositions of Tartaglia in Genshin Impact? Let us know in the comments below!
For more Mobile Gaming news and updates, join our
WhatsApp group
,
Telegram Group
,
or
Discord server
. Also, follow us on
Google News
,
Instagram
, and
Twitter
for quick updates.
Tags
Gacha Games
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse