By
Marc Santos
Published
05/14/21 AT 5:50 AM EDT
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Reddit
Share on Flipboard
Share on Pocket
KEY POINTS
Kaeya can deal heavy Physical damage thanks to his base scaling values
He can fit well as the primary DPS source in Superconduct teams
Kaeya has high innate Energy Recharge and HP sustain
Many players in “Genshin Impact” tend to overlook the starting party members the moment they get other characters from the gacha. Kaeya, one of the first characters introduced in the game, is arguably one of the most underrated units in the game.
Kaeya is a decent character in the early levels, but with enough investment, he can become a hard-hitting damage carry with high innate Energy Recharge and
HP
regeneration. He can be used to great effect even in the deeper Abyss floors, and he performs well as a
main DPS character
against bosses.
Unlocking Kaeya’s potential will require players to understand the small details in his kit in order to maximize his damage output. Here’s a short guide on how to build and play Kaeya in the later stages of the game.
How To Play Kaeya
Kaeya is a Cryo unit that can reliably apply the Cryo status to multiple enemies using his abilities. This makes him great for setting up elemental reactions, but his real strength lies in his basic attacks. What many people overlook is the fact that he has the highest Base ATK scaling out of all sword wielders in “Genshin Impact.”
Kaeya is great for dealing both Physical and Cryo damage
Genshin Impact
This makes Kaeya a very viable Physical damage character. His normal attack scaling sits between that of swords and claymores, which means he can hit hard and fast. Kaeya can also trigger Superconduct frequently due to his low-cooldown Elemental Skill and persistent Elemental Burst effect.
Best Builds For Kaeya
The
Blizzard Strayer
set is the best artifact set for Kaeya because it will let him forego CRIT Rate in favor of CRIT DMG. The Strayer set will passively grant CRIT Rate against Cryo-affected enemies, which gets doubled if enemies are Frozen. This buff stacks with Kaeya’s own CRIT Rate passive.
Due to this, players can instead equip Kaeya with CRIT DMG stats for maximum damage. Phys DMG% goblets are also better than Cryo DMG% because of Kaeya’s high damage scaling on his basic attacks.
Best Weapons For Kaeya
Aquila Favonia
is great for stacking Physical DMG bonuses on Kaeya.
Skyward Blade
is also a good choice for stacking extra CRIT Rate and Energy Recharge on top of its passive effect that increases movement and attack speeds.
For budget-friendly options, the
Prototype Rancour
is the strongest and most efficient option because of how easy it is to get. However, players can opt for the
Cool Steel
and
Harbinger of Dawn
for their critical hit bonuses.
RELATED STORIES
'Genshin Impact' Guide: How To Build And Play Jean Effectively
'Genshin Impact' Guide: Best Builds For Anemo Traveler
© Copyright IBTimes 2026. All rights reserved.