Genshin Impact Kaeya Guide: Ascension, Talent Materials, Best Weapons, Artifacts
Amjad
October 19, 2021
No Comments
Guides
Kaeya is one of the characters that you get for free pretty early on in Genshin Impact. In order to make the most of the character, you are going to need to level him up as well as his talents. You are also going to need the proper artifacts and weapon. In this Genshin Impact guide, we are going to go over what materials you need to level up Kaeya and his talents as well as recommend a build for him.
Genshin Impact Kaeya Ascension And Talent Materials
You are going to need a lot of materials in order to level up Kaeya and his talents but that is going to increase his damage and survivability. The following are all the different materials that you are going to need.
Ascension Materials
The following are the ascension materials that you are going to need in order to ascend Kaeya to level 90:
1x Shivada Jade Sliver
9x Shivada Jade Fragment
9x Shivada Jade Chunk
6x Shivada Jade Gemstone
46x Hoarfrost Core
168x Calla Lily
18x Treasure Hoarder Insignia
30x Silver Raven Insignia
36x Golden Raven Insignia
You can get
Shivada Jade Sliver
and higher-tier variants by beating the Cryo Regisvine boss. Each attempt is going to cost you 40 resin, so this can take some time.
Calla Lily
can be found near beaches and rivers in Mondstadt.
Treasure Hoarder Insignia
and higher-tier variants of the resource are dropped by treasure hoarders. You can find them all over the open world.
Hoarfrost Core
can be farmed by beating the Cryo Regisvine boss.
Talent Materials
The following are the materials that you need to upgrade Kaeya’s talents to the max:
9x Teachings of Ballad
63x Guide to Ballad
114x Philosophies of Ballad
18x Treasure Hoarder Insignia
66x Silver Raven Insignia
93x Golden Raven Insignia
18x Spirit Locket of Boreas
3x Crown of Insight
Spirit Locket of Boreas
can be earned by completing the Wolf of the North weekly challenge. You can only get the reward from the challenge once a week. You can get
Crown of Insight
from special events and by leveling up the shrine tree in Inazuma.
Best Genshin Impact Kaeya Build
Leveling up Kaeya is not going to be enough. You are also going to need the right weapon and artifacts. The following is the build that we recommend for Kaeya in Genshin Impact.
Best Weapons
Skyward Blade
is the best weapon that you can use with Kaeya. This is a 5-star weapon, so you need to spend your Primogems on the weapons banner in order to get it. The weapon has Energy Recharge as the bonus stat and it increases your crit rate by 4%. When you use your Elemental Burst movement speed is increased by 10% and attack speed is increased by 10% as well. Normal and charged attack damage is increased by 20% for 12 seconds.
Primordial Jade Cutter
is another 5-star weapon that we can recommend. The bonus stat of the weapon is crit rate, which is ideal if you want to deal consistent levels of damage. It provides a 20% boost to your HP and increases attack based on your max health.
If you are a small spender then we can recommend
The Black Sword
, which you can get from the battle pass. The bonus stat of the weapon is crit rate which is great keeping in mind that this is a 4-star weapon. It also increases normal and charged attack damage by 20%. When you deal a critical hit, 60% of attack is regenerated as HP.
Iron Sting
is another 4-star weapon that we can recommend. The bonus stat of the weapon is Elemental Mastery. Dealing elemental damage increases all damage by 6% for 6 seconds and this effect can stack up to 2 times.
Best Artifacts
Blizzard Strayer
is the classic set that you can go with when playing as Kaeya. 2-pieces increase cryo damage by 15% and when you have 4-pieces, crit rate is increased by 20 if the enemy is affected by cryo. Crit rate is increased by another 20% if the enemy is frozen. If you have a hydro character and are interested in freezing characters with Kaeya then Blizzard Strayer is the best set that you should go with.
If you do not have great stats in your Blizzard Strayer set, then you can go with 2-pieces of the
Blizzard Strayer
set and 2-pieces of
Noblesse Oblige
. This is going to increase your cryo damage by 15% and Elemental Burst damage by 20%.
This is what you need to know about building Kaeya in Genshin Impact. If you are interested in learning more then you can check out our guide on
how you should build Jean
.
Genshin Impact
Amjad
Editor and Senior Content Writer at PrimeWikis. Former PC Hardware Editor at SegmentNext. Gaming since the second grade.
Related Goodies
Genshin Impact Dream Solvent Guide: How To Get And Use
May 5, 2021
Genshin Impact Qiqi Guide: Ascension, Talent Materials, Best Weapons, Artifacts
October 27, 2021
Genshin Impact Ayato Guide: Artifacts, Weapons, Ascension And Talent Materials
April 4, 2022
Genshin Impact Yanfei DPS Build Guide: Best Artifacts, Weapons, Ascension And Teams
December 1, 2022
Leave a Reply
Cancel Reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked
*
Comment
You may use these
HTML
tags and attributes:
<a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong>
Name
*
Email
*
Website