Walkthroughs
Genshin Impact Kaeya Guide - best build, strengths and weaknesses
All you need to know about Kaeya - updated to Genshin Impact 2.0
By
Bryan Taylor
|
Jul 30, 2021
iOS
+
Android
|
Genshin Impact
Prefer Pocket Gamer on Google
X
Facebook
Reddit
Welcome to Pocket Gamer's detailed
Genshin Impact Kaeya guide
! Kaeya is the Calgary Captain of the Knights of Favonius. As an aide to Grand Master Jean, he is expected to be trustworthy and confident, but he tends to get overly dramatic at times and certainly has a mischievous side.
Willing to do whatever it takes to get the job done, he basks in the thrill of a challenge but also takes pleasure in seeing others hesitate in stressful scenarios, just as much as he enjoys seeing fear in his enemies’ eyes.
In the Kaeya guide below you will find the following features.
General Info & how to get Kaeya
Strengths & Weaknesses
Best Build (Artifacts & Weapons
)
Best Party Members for Kaeya
Talents / Skills / Passive
Talent Leveling Materials
Constellations
Ascensions costs
Kaeya Wishes / Availability
Character Appearance
Genshi Impact Kaeya Element / Tier / Rarity / Weapon
Cryo / A Tier / 4* Rarity / Sword
In Genshin Impact, Kaeya is a Cryo-bearing sword user who likes to keep his friends close and his enemies frozen. Kaeya’s Burst attack allows him to summon icicles that revolve around him that persist on the field, even when you switch characters.
How to get Kaeya?
By completing the Prologue, Act I during the quest Crash Course. You can obtain Kaeya in the permanent banner, Wanderlust Invocation.
Genshin Impact Kaeya Combat Info (Strengths and Weaknesses)
Strengths
Kaeya’s Burst stays on the field after changing teammates
His Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst have quick cooldowns
Weaknesses
Kaeya’s Elemental Skill has a small AoE
He doesn’t fit well in many teams due to his Passive Skills
Here are
some Genshin Impact codes
as a thank you for reading this!
Best Build for Kaeya in Genshin Impact
Kaeya works best as a sub-DPS with the Skyward Blade weapon to increase his CRIT, his movement speed, and his DMG output. Pair this with the Blizzard Strayer artifact set to increase his Cryo DMG and do even more CRIT when enemies are frozen or already damaged by Cryo.
Kaeya guide - Best Artifacts and Weapons
Blizzard Strayer
ATK% / ATK% / CRIT DMG
Set Bonuses:
(2) Cryo DMG Bonus +15%
(4) When a character attacks an enemy affected by Cryo, their CRIT Rate is increased by 20%. If the enemy is Frozen, the CRIT Rate is increased by an additional 20%.
How to Obtain:
Peak of Vindagnyr Domain reward
Skyward Sword
Base Attack:
46
Rating:
5*
Bonus Effect:
Energy Recharge + 12%
Skill: Sky-piercing Fang
CRIT Rate increased by 4%. Gains Skypiercing Might upon using an Elemental Burst: Increases Movement SPD by 10%, increases ATK SPD by 10%, and increases the DMG of Normal and Charged Attack hits by 20% for 12s.
How to Obtain:
Gacha
Best Party Members to match Kaeya with in Genshin Impact
Premium (Gacha) Team
In Genshin Impact, Kaeya should be used mostly for reactions, as he can apply Cryo to enemies and his Burst and Skill are almost always ready. Venti can be great to control mobs and can make it easier for other characters to create reactions from.
Diluc
will work best as a DPS, especially when causing Melt after first using Cryo.
Bennett
will round out the team with healing and boost Melt reactions.
F2P Team
Kaeya will be the main DPS here but will require some other elements to really do maximum damage with combos. Xiangling can help with the Melt reaction and do additional damage. Pick the
Anemo version of the Traveler
for Swirl and to spread reactions around.
Barbara
will serve as the healer and can help activate Frozen reactions, thanks to Kaeya.
Talents / Skills / Passive
Ceremonial Bladework - Normal Attack
Normal Attack:
Perform up to 5 rapid strikes.
Charged Attack:
Consumes a certain amount of Stamina to unleash 2 rapid sword strikes.
Plunging Attack:
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Skill Attributes:
1-Hit DMG 53.8%
2-Hit DMG 51.7%
3-Hit DMG 65.3%
4-Hit DMG 70.9%
5-Hit DMG 88.2%
Charged Attack DMG
- 55% + 73.1
Charged Attack Stamina Cost
- 20
Plunge DMG
- 63.9%
Low/High Plunge DMG
- 128%/160%
Frostgnaw - Elemental Skill
Unleashes a frigid blast, dealing Cryo DMG to enemies in front of Kaeya.
Skill DMG
- 191%
CD
6s
Glacial Waltz - Elemental Burst
Coalescing the frost in the air, Kaeya summons 3 icicles that revolve around him. These icicles will follow the character around and deal Cryo DMG to enemies in their path for so long as they persist.
Skill Attributes
Skill DMG
- 77.6%
CD
- 20s
Duration
- 8s
Energy Cost
- 60
Cold-Blooded Strike - 1st Ascension Passive
Every hit with Frostgnaw regenerates HP for Kaeya equal to 15% of his ATK.
Heart of the Abyss - 4th Ascension Passive
Enemies Frozen by Frostgnaw will drop additional Elemental Particles. Frostgnaw may only produce a maximum of 2 additional Elemental Particles per use.
Hidden Strength - Unlocked Automatically
Decreases all-party members' sprinting Stamina consumption by 20%
Talent Leveling Materials
Gained from Enemy Drops (Treasure Hunters):
Treasure Hoarder Insignia
Silver Raven Insignia
Golden Raven Insignia
Acquired from Domains (Wednesday/Friday/Sunday):
Teachings of Ballad
Guide to Ballad
Philosophies of Ballad
Obtained after defeating Bosses (Lupus Boreas Challenge):
Spirit Locket of Boreas
Constellations
Excellent Blood
The CRIT Rate of Kaeya's Normal and Charge Attacks against enemies affected by Cryo is increased by 15%.
Never-Ending Perfomance
Every time Glacial Waltz defeats an enemy during its duration, its duration is increased by 2.5s, up to a maximum of 15s.
Dance of Frost
Increases the Level of Frostgnaw by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Frozen Kiss
Triggers automatically when Kaeya's HP falls below 20%:
Creates a shield that absorbs damage equal to 30% of Kaeya's Max HP. Lasts for 20s.
This shield absorbs Cryo DMG with 250% efficiency.
Can only occur once every 60s.
Frostbiting Embrace
Increases the Level of Glacial Waltz by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Glacial Whirlwind
Glacial Waltz will generate 1 additional icicle and will regenerate 15 Energy when cast.
Genshin Impact Kaeya Ascensions costs
Phase 1
Lv.20→Lv.40
Mora Cost: 20,000
Calla Lily ×3
Shivada Jade Sliver ×1
Treasure Hoarder Insignia ×3
Phase 2
Lv.40→Lv.50
Calla Lily ×10
Shivada Jade Fragment ×3
Treasure Hoarder Insignia ×15
Hoarfrost Core ×2
Phase 3
Lv.50→Lv.60
Mora Cost: 60,000
Calla Lily ×20
Shivada Jade Fragment ×6
Silver Raven Insignia ×12
Hoarfrost Core ×4
Phase 4
Lv.60→Lv.70
Mora Cost: 80,000
Calla Lily ×20
Shivada Jade Chunk ×3
Silver Raven Insignia ×18
Hoarfrost Core ×8
Phase 5
Lv.70→Lv.80
Mora Cost: 100,000
Calla Lily ×45
Shivada Jade Chunk ×6
Golden Raven Insignia ×12
Hoarfrost Core ×12
Phase 6 (MAX)
Lv.80→Lv.90
Mora Cost: 120,000
Calla Lily ×60
Shivada Jade Gemstone ×6
Golden Raven Insignia ×24
Hoarfrost Core ×20
Base Stats
At Level 1, Kaeya starts with 976 HP, 19 ATK, and 66 DEF.
Wishes / Availability
In Genshin Impact Kaeya can be received at the regular rate in the Wanderlust Invocation Standard Wish, which is always available.
You know, we also have a
Genshin Impact tier list
if you want to check how well Kaeya performs in comparison to other characters! Also, stay aware, soon enough we plan to make a Genshin Impact characters hub with all of the available characters and their detailed guides!
Bryan Taylor
Bryan has a passion for writing and has been gaming since the 80s. His favourite games include Super Metroid, Chrono Trigger, and Rez, and he joins us bringing his vast knowledge of games to the team.
Next Up :
Dicero beginner's guide - 5 tips for mastering the dice