Kaeya Team Comp Guide - Genshin Impact
Kaeya and Diluc from Genshin Impact
By
Nahda Nabiilah
Updated
Nov 24, 2021, 9:30 AM EST
Nahda Nabiilah is a writer and editor from Indonesia. She has always loved writing and playing games, so one day she decided to combine the two. Most of the time, writing gaming guides is a blast for her, due to it being two of Nahda's favorite things. She strives to make detailed and easy-to-follow guides.
Sign in to your
GameRant
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Kaeya
Cryo
Sword
Mondstadt
Guides
Ascension
Builds
Weapons
Team Comp
Constellation
Player Mistakes
Back to All Characters
Kaeya is one of the most underrated characters in
Genshin Impact
. The Cavalry Captain of the Knights of Favonius is so versatile that
Genshin Impact
players can use him as both a support or a main damage dealer.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Most Underrated Characters
As a
support
, Kaeya is excellent due to his Cryo application. His Elemental Burst stays active even if he's swapped out, allowing the main DPS to dominate the field. As for his Elemental Skill, it has a low cooldown and generates a great amount of Energy.
As a
damage dealer
, Kaeya’s Cryo Vision helps him trigger Superconduct easily. This reaction reduces enemies’ Physical resistance. His Normal attacks multiplier is the highest among all sword users, so he'll do great damage after Superconduct.
Updated on November 24, 2021, by Nahda Nabiilah:
One thing for sure, Constellations are excellent for any character development. Units like Xiangling or Xingqiu are great examples of how good Constellations can be. Sadly, it's hard to get Kaeya's Constellations since he's only available in the Standard Banner.
This makes Kaeya unable to compete on fairgrounds with other 4-star characters, and many choose to replace him with a better Sup-DPS or DPS. However, with the right team, Kaeya can truly shine in any role. Therefore, Travelers may want to pair the Cavalry Captain with the following characters.
Support Kaeya
kaeya being cheeky
As a support, Kaeya’s main focus should be applying Cryo to trigger
Superconduct, Melt, or Frozen
reactions. Therefore, he should be paired with characters that would benefit the most from his kit.
Melt Support
Hu Tao in the same team as Kaeya
If Melt was triggered by a Pyro user, it can deal a massive amount of damage. Since Kaeya's Elemental Burst is close-ranged, he needs to be paired with characters that can deal Pyro damage at close range.
Diluc
Diluc about to go berserk against the Abyss Order
Diluc is one of the best damage dealers in
Genshin Impact
. His kit has a large number of Pyro attacks, making him able to trigger Melt over and over again. After using his Elemental Burst, Diluc’s Normal attacks will be infused with Pyro. Kaeya can greatly increase Diluc’s damage during that state.
Hu Tao
The prankster herself, Hu Tao. what a wink, so cute!
Although Xingqiu is the best companion Hu Tao can have, Kaeya can still perform great in that role. His Elemental Burst can keep applying Cryo on enemies while Hu Tao pierces through her enemies in the
Paramita Papilio
state.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Team Compositions To Pair With Yanfei
Additionally,
Hu Tao’s Elemental Skill has a small cooldown where she’s unable to deal damage
anymore. Players can build Kaeya to be a sub-DPS and deal damage in her downtime. Hu Tao grants a 12% Critical Rate bonus to her team when her Elemental Skill is in cooldown, so it'd be a great help for sub-DPS Kaeya.
Klee
Klee finally getting off her detention
Since Klee is a Catalyst user, some players may assume that Klee can deal ranged Pyro attacks. Not only does Klee's attack have short-range, but her full potential lies in her Charged attack. Klee's Charged attack is more effective at close range, making Kaeya a viable support for the little Fish Blaster.
Superconduct Support
Razor and Kaeya in the same team.
Kaeya’s Cryo vision is precious for any Electro user that counts on Physical damage. Helping Electro users trigger Superconduct is essential for Kaeya to fully support them.
Razor
razor during his story quest protecting the traveler
Razor’s Elemental Burst summons a Soul Companion. This Soul Companion will buff Razor’s Normal attacks speed and deal Electro damage along with Razor's attacks.
Kaeya’s Elemental Burst will complement Razor’s Burst
as both will take turns to trigger Superconduct reactions.
Physical Keqing
Keqing ending a Fatui Hunter's career
Keqing can perform well as an Electro or Physical damage dealer. If paired with a good Cryo character like Kaeya, she can easily trigger Superconduct and spam her Charged attack to deal massive Physical damage.
Frozen Support
Childe and Kaeya in same team
Frozen is currently the best crowd control available in
Genshin Impact
. Triggered by Hydro and Cryo’s Elemental reaction, Frozen can be decisive in some situations.
Childe
Childe sliding on a waterfall during his Genshin impact character demo
When Tartaglia uses his Elemental Skill,
Foul Legacy: Raging Tide
, his Normal attacks will be infused with Hydro. This means Childe will deal Hydro damage 100% of the time during his Elemental Skill.
If Kaeya is paired with Childe, the combination of Hydro and Cryo will keep enemies Frozen until they're defeated. Furthermore, just like Hu Tao,
Childe also needs another damage dealer
. Kaeya can fit nicely for this role.
DPS Kaeya
Kaeya in Jean's office
As a damage dealer, Kaeya’s damage mostly comes from his high Physical damage. Thus, he should be paired with characters that will amplify his Physical damage.
Superconduct Support
kaeya triggering superconduct
Triggering Superconduct reaction is important for Physical damage dealers. This reaction occurs when Cryo and Electro meet. So pairing Kaeya with good Electro users is essential.
Raiden Shogun
Raiden Shogun in a peaceful moment
Raiden Shogun is one of the best Electro supports in
Genshin Impact
. Recently added in the
2.1 update
, Raiden Shogun’s Elemental Skill can continuously apply Electro every 0.9 seconds with a 100% uptime. While her Elemental Burst is active, Baal’s Normal attacks refill her team's Elemental Bursts, allowing Kaeya to deal massive Physical and decent Cryo damage at the same time.
Fischl
Fischl touching her eyepatch
As a support, Fischl is all about her Oz. Oz can be summoned to the field using her Elemental Skill. He grants 10 seconds of continuous Electro application during combat. After Oz leaves the field, Fischl can summon him again using her Elemental Burst. The Prinzessin der Verurteilung can keep applying Electro without having to be on the field, making her one of the best supports in the game.
Kujou Sara
Without Constellations, Kujou Sara is time-consuming when she's deployed on the field. Her Elemental Skill buff has a short duration and players are forced to switch Sara in and out to keep the buff ongoing. However, At C2, Kujou Sara's skill changes drastically and she becomes a good buffer for the team.
Furthermore,
Sara is an Electro user
, an essential for any Physical DPS character like Kaeya. At C6, Kujou Sara will take the Electro damage of some characters to a whole new level, like Raiden Shogun. So it becomes more viable to add one more Electro user to the party.
Damage Buffers
Pyro and Geo Resonance activated.
Kaeya also has other ways to boost his damage. Some characters buff his Physical damage and some reduce the enemies’ Physical resistance. Moreover, when pairing two Geo or two Pyro, a damage-increasing Elemental Resonance will be activated.
Xinyan
Xinyan starting her own party
Xinyan has a poor Pyro application, but she can still apply Pyro to help Kaeya trigger Melt when using his Elemental Skill. However, that’s not where Xinyan shines. Her true power is hiding in her passive and fourth constellation.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Team Compositions To Pair With Ningguang
When Xinyan uses her Elemental Skill, she will buff Kaeya’s Physical damage by 15% and reduce the enemy’s Physical resistance by 15%. In addition to the shield from her Elemental Skill, her Elemental Burst can deal massive damage and shield the team again.
Bennett
what a cute smile from bennett
Bennett is one of the most used characters in
Genshin Impact
. So far,
no character can provide what Bennett can
. His damage buff and excessive healing make him an SS Tier support for any character. Additionally, teaming him up with Xinyan or another Pyro user will activate the Pyro Resonance.
Zhongli
zhongli thinking about his painful past
The legendary Zhongli shield
is still incomparable to any shield in
Genshin Impact
. On top of that, Zhongli’s shield also reduces enemies’ Physical resistance by 20%. With Zhongli, Kaeya is both protected and will deal better damage.
Rosaria
Rosaria from Genshin Impact
Rosaria is an excellent support for many characters in
Genshin Impact
. When Using her Elemental Burst,
Rites of Termination
,
Rosaria will buff her team's Crit Rate
by 15% of her Crit Rate. She can also activate the Cryo Resonance with Kaeya, which will further buff this stat by 15%.
The Favonius Nun can also apply Cryo non-stop while she's off-field, offering easy access for Elemental Reactions. Triggering Reactions like Superconduct is essential for Physical DPS Kaeya. Moreover, C6 Rosaria's Elemental Burst will reduce the Physical resistance of enemies by 20%, further amplifying the Physical resistance reduction.
Other Supports
Kaeya and Xingqiu in the same team
These support characters are well-versed and can play many roles in their teams. Some can heal, while others have a strong Elemental application. All in all, using them in Kaeya’s team will only have a positive outcome.
Xingqiu
xingqui during his story quest
Xingqiu's Hydro application is the best compared to other characters. The Guhua Disciple can even do this job without having to be on the field. Not only a great Elemental application, but Xingqiu also deals a decent amount of damage.
Xingqiu and Kaeya’s Elemental reactions will cause enemies to freeze. Frozen enemies will still be affected by Superconduct when hit by Electro attacks, so Kaeya can still use Electro supports in his team.
Diona
diona stretching in her hometown
With her Cryo vision, Diona can activate the Cryo Resonance with Kaeya. Cryo Resonance will increase Kaeya’s Critical Rate by 15% against enemies affected by Cryo. Furthermore,
Diona can shield and heal
Kaeya, giving him the support he needs to stay on the field for a longer duration.
Albedo
Albedo with all his glory from Genshin Impact
Albedo is so easy to build and use
. When using his Elemental Skill, Albedo creates a
Solar Isotoma
that will continuously deal massive damage to enemies when Kaeya deals damage to them.
Building Albedo with 4-Tenacity of the Millelith or 4-Archaic Petra will further amplify the team damage.
Lastly, when
pairing Albedo with another Geo character
like Zhongli, Geo Resonance will be activated. This Resonance increases the team's damage by 15% if they're protected by a shield.
Xiangling
Xiangling and Kaeya from Genshin Impact
Both Kaeya's and Xiangling's Elemental Burst are short-ranged skills, so it's perfect for Melee characters. When both of their Bursts are active, the two will continuously deal Melt damage. It matters not which one of them triggers the reaction. The pair will still significantly boost each other.
Even at C0,
Xiangling's Elemental Burst will persist longer
than Kaeya's, where they last for 10s and 8s, respectively. With her C4, Xiangling is like an entirely new character. She gains 40% extra duration on her Burst, a huge buff to her already-great damage.
Genshin Impact
is currently available for Mobile, PC, PS4, and PS5, with a Switch version in development.
Strategy Guides
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which recently released Nintendo cozy game do you prefer?
Pokemon Pokopia
Pokemon Pokopia
56.7%
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
43.3%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
8 Strongest Sound Users in Shonen Anime
Xbox Unveils Brand New Logo with Return to Classic Green
Say Hello To The 5 Best Open-World Games You've Never Heard Of