Updated for Version 4.6
Mika is a 4-star Cryo Polearm character in Genshin Impact who buffs Physical damage, increases Attack SPD, and provides healing. Learn about Mika’s best builds, Talent priority, best weapons, best artifacts, and best teams in this quick guide.
Note that the information given may change if new discoveries are made.
More extensive testing is in progress.
Join our
Discord
to participate in the theorycrafting process.
The full-length guide is available
here
.
Table of Contents
New Content
Infographic
Character Overview
Level and Talent Priority
Talents
Constellations
Artifacts
ER Requirements
Artifact Stats
Artifact Sets
Weapons
Teams
Physical DPS Support
Attack SPD Buffer
General Healer Support
Credits
New Content
Dialogues of the Desert Sages
A free weapon obtained from the Version 4.5 Event. It provides a significant amount of HP% for healing and Flat Energy to drastically lower ER requirements.
If Favonius Lance is not necessary for the team, Desert Sages is one of Mika’s best weapon options.
Furina
Furina’s Skill drains HP and her Burst provides buffs based on HP change, so her teams greatly value a strong healer. Mika fulfills this role since his Burst provides a large teamwide heal along with smaller healing instances over time for the on-field character.
Wriothesley
Mika provides valuable healing and enables Cryo Resonance for Wriothesley. Note that Mika’s Attack SPD is not as valuable on Wriothesley due to Wriothesley’s hitlag.
Infographic
Credits to: alphaflyte, cuppacote
Character Overview
Level and Talent Priority
Mika’s healing is the only part of his kit that scales with his HP; players can raise him to Level 90 if they want to maximize his healing capabilities.
Talent Priority
Burst ≥ Skill
Mika’s Burst provides a large teamwide heal and smaller healing instances over time — particularly valuable for Furina’s buffs — along with an additional stack of his Physical DMG% buff.
Note that leveling Mika’s Skill does
not
affect his Physical DMG% buff, only his Attack SPD buff. Thus, his Skill should only be leveled if the Attack SPD helps his teammates reach certain breakpoints (e.g., an extra stack on Eula’s Burst, an extra Normal Attack combo from Wanderer, etc.).
Mika’s Normal Attacks are not an important part of his kit and not recommended to level.
Talents
Normal Attack
Elemental Skill
Elemental Burst
Ascension 1 Passive
Ascension 4 Passive
Normal Attack
Normal Attack |
Spear of Favonius – Arrow’s Passage
Talent Description
Normal Attack
Combos up to five strikes, alternating between the crossbow and polearm.
Charged Attack
Consumes a certain amount of Stamina to lunge forward, dealing damage to enemies along the way.
Mika’s Normal Attacks are lackluster and have little use apart from proccing Favonius Lance. It is not recommended to level Mika’s Normal Attack Talent.
Elemental Skill
Elemental Skill |
Starfrost Swirl
Talent Description
Mika uses his crossbow to attack, granting all characters in your party Soulwind. When characters in the Soulwind state are on the field, their ATK SPD will be increased. Will take effect in different ways if Tapped or Held.
Press
Fires a Flowfrost Arrow that can pierce though opponents, dealing Cryo DMG to enemies it comes into contact with.
Hold
Enters Aiming Mode, locking on to an opponent and firing a Rimestar Flare at them, dealing Cryo DMG. When the Rimestar Flare hits, it will rise before exploding, launching Rimestar Shards into a maximum of 3 other opponents, dealing Cryo DMG.
Mika’s Tap Skill pierces through enemies with his arrow. His Hold Skill allows him to aim and fire a Rimestar Flare at one enemy. After the Rimestar Flare hits, it will spread and launch Rimestar Shards to hit a maximum of three additional enemies. Mika’s Hold Skill is more consistent at hitting multiple enemies, which is important for his A1 Passive. Note that the same enemy cannot be hit more than once.
Both Tap and Hold Skill have a 15s cooldown, deal Cryo damage, generate 4 Cryo Particles, and increase the on-field character’s Attack SPD for 12s. The Attack SPD buff only affects Normal Attacks and is based on Talent level.
With Mika’s A1 and A4 Passives, Mika’s Skill is also able to buff Physical damage under certain circumstances.
Elemental Burst
Elemental Burst |
Skyfeather Song
Talent Description
Derives the ability to spur his teammates on from the recited prayers of the knightly order, regenerating HP for all nearby party members. This healing is based on Mika’s Max HP and will grant them the Eagleplume state.
Eagleplume
When the Normal Attacks of active characters affected by Eagleplume hit an opponent, Mika will help them regenerate HP based on his Max HP.
Characters affected by this state can only regenerate HP in this way once per short interval of time.
The initial cast of Mika’s Burst provides teamwide healing. For the next 15s, the on-field character will be healed every 2.5s when their Normal Attacks hit the enemy. Mika’s Burst does not deal damage nor apply Cryo to the enemy.
With his A4 Passive, Mika’s Burst is able to buff Physical damage under certain circumstances.
Ascension 1 Passive
Ascension 1 Passive |
Suppressive Barrage
Talent Description
Per the following circumstances, the Soulwind state caused by
Starfrost Swirl
will grant characters the Detector effect, increasing their Physical DMG by 10% when they are on the field.
If the Flowfrost Arrow hits more than one opponent, each additional opponent hit will generate 1 Detector stack.
When a Rimestar Shard hits an opponent, it will generate 1 Detector stack. Each Rimestar Shard can trigger the effect 1 time.
The Soulwind state can have a maximum of 3 Detector stacks, and if Starfrost Swirl is cast again during this duration, the pre-existing Soulwind state and all its Detector stacks will be cleared.
For every additional enemy — not including the initial target — hit by Mika’s Skill (both Tap and Hold), the active character will gain one Detector stack. Each Detector stack provides a 10% Physical DMG Bonus for the on-field character. The maximum number of Detector stacks is 3 (or 5 with Mika’s A4 and C6), and they expire when Mika’s Skill expires.
Without his A4 Passive and before his C2, Mika’s A1 Passive cannot generate any Detector stacks in single-target.
Ascension 4 Passive
Ascension 4 Passive |
Topographical Mapping
Talent Description
When an active character affected by both
Skyfeather Song
‘s Eagleplume and
Starfrost Swirl
‘s Soulwind at once scores a CRIT Hit with their attacks, Soulwind will grant them 1 stack of Detector from Suppressive Barrage. During a single instance of Soulwind, 1 Detector stack can be gained in this manner.
Additionally, the maximum number of stacks that can be gained through Soulwind alone is increased by 1.
Requires Suppressive Barrage to be unlocked first.
Increases the maximum number of Detector stacks from 3 to 4 and allows for one additional Detector stack if the on-field character crits while under the effects of both Mika’s Skill and Burst simultaneously. In single-target, Mika’s A4 is the only source of Detector stacks (prior to C2).
Constellations
Constellation 1
Constellation 2
Constellation 3
Constellation 4
Constellation 5
Constellation 6
Constellation 1
Constellation 1 |
Factor Confluence
The Soulwind state of Starfrost Swirl can decrease the healing interval between instances caused by Skyfeather Song’s Eagleplume state. This decrease percentage is equal to the ATK SPD increase provided by Soulwind.
Improves Mika’s healing by shortening the time interval between heals, although this only affects the on-field character.
Constellation 2
Constellation 2 |
Companion’s Ingress
When Starfrost Swirl’s Flowfrost Arrow first hits an opponent, or its Rimestar Flare hits an opponent, 1 Detector stack from Passive Talent “Suppressive Barrage” will be generated.
You must have unlocked the Passive Talent “Suppressive Barrage” first.
Helps gain Detector stacks when there are 3 or less enemies. In single-target, up to 2 stacks can now be gained.
Constellation 3
Constellation 3 |
Reconnaissance Experience
Increases the Level of Skyfeather Song by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
A simple +3 Talent levels to Mika’s Burst, increasing his healing capabilities.
Constellation 4
Constellation 4 |
Sunfrost Encomium
When Mika’s own Skyfeather Song’s Eagleplume state heals party members, this will restore 3 Energy to Mika. This form of Energy restoration can occur 5 times during the Eagleplume state created by 1 use of Skyfeather Song.
Artificially reduces Mika’s Burst cost from 70 to 55, significantly lowering his
ER requirements
. Notable since Mika generally funnels his particles to another character, such as Eula.
Constellation 5
Constellation 5 |
Signal Arrow
Increases the Level of Starfrost Swirl by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
A simple +3 Talent levels to Mika’s Skill, increasing Mika’s Attack SPD buff by 3% — noticeable for comfort but generally negligible.
Constellation 6
Constellation 6 |
Companion’s Counsel
The maximum number of Detector stacks that Starfrost Swirl’s Soulwind can gain is increased by 1. You need to have unlocked the Passive Talent “Suppressive Barrage” first.
Additionally, active characters affected by Soulwind will deal 60% more Physical CRIT DMG.
Mika’s best Constellation. C6 provides valuable buffs to Physical damage. Increases the maximum number of Detector stacks (now 5) and provides an additional 60% CRIT DMG to Physical attacks.
Artifacts
ER Requirements
Note that, as an
Attack SPD buffer
, Mika may not need to use his Burst every rotation. In these cases, players can opt to forgo ER on him.
Weapon
Pre-C4 ER Requirement
Desert Sages R5
105–140%
Rightful Reward R3
160–210%
Favonius Lance (1 proc/rotation)
175–230%
Other
190–250%
Mika’s C4 lowers his ER requirements by roughly 40–60%; Raiden lowers his ER requirements by roughly ~60-80%.
The above table assumes Mika uses 1 Burst and 1 Skill per rotation and that he funnels his particles to another character. Use the
Energy Recharge Calculator
to determine exact requirements for your team and rotation.
Artifact Stats
Sands
Goblet
Circlet
ER / HP%
HP%
CRIT Rate (if using Favonius)
HB > HP%
Stat Priority:
ER (until requirements) > CRIT Rate (if using Favonius) > HP%
Mika requires low investment since his personal damage is generally negligible. He only requires ER to Burst, HP/Healing Bonus (HB) to keep the team alive, and CRIT Rate to proc Favonius (if using Favonius). A HB Circlet provides more healing than an HP% Circlet. Building damage-oriented stats such as CRIT DMG and ATK% is neither necessary nor recommended.
Artifact Sets
4pc Noblesse Oblige
Assuming Mika’s teammates can take advantage of the ATK% buff, 4pc Noblesse is Mika’s best option due to its strong supporting capabilities. The 4pc effect’s 12s duration perfectly matches the 12s duration of Mika’s Skill buffs.
4pc Ocean-Hued Clam
Aside from his initial Burst cast, Mika does not provide teamwide healing, which prevents him from maximizing 4pc Clam’s damage potential. While Mika’s own Physical damage buffs
do not
affect 4pc Clam’s damage, Physical RES Shred (e.g., Superconduct, Eula’s Hold Skill)
does
. A viable option if there is already a 4pc Noblesse holder on the team.
4pc Song of Days Past
4pc Song of Days Past is a viable option for its 2pc Healing Bonus and 4pc Additive Base DMG Bonus. However, it is generally not recommended to farm since it is not available in the strongbox and its domain is relatively Resin-inefficient.
Note that the buff’s trigger quota can be used up quite fast, especially in multi-target. Thus, 4pc Noblesse for its ATK% buff or 4pc Clam for its consistency are typically preferred instead.
4pc The Exile
The Exile does not refund Energy for Mika, but it helps the rest of the team. As a 4-star set, it gives fewer stats compared to a 5-star set. However, this is generally not an issue since Mika is not a stat-hungry unit. If necessary, a 5-star ER Sands or CRIT Rate Circlet as an off-piece will suffice.
2pc Mixed Sets
2pc Options: Energy Recharge, Healing Bonus, HP%
Lackluster compared to other options, but can provide flexibility with stats. Use whichever combination best helps Mika reach his ER requirements and heal enough for the team.
Weapons
Favonius Lance
One of the most recommended options since its passive lowers the ER requirements of both Mika and his teammates. Note that Mika may need to build some CRIT Rate for consistent procs, especially in single-target.
Dialogues of the Desert Sages
If Favonius Lance is not necessary for the team, Desert Sages is one of Mika’s best weapon options.
It provides a hefty amount of HP% with its secondary stat, and Mika can trigger its passive twice per rotation for a whopping 32 Flat Energy at R5.
Rightful Reward
Rightful Reward is a craftable option if Favonius Lance is not necessary and/or players missed Desert Sages during the Version 4.5 Event. It gives HP% and Flat Energy, but provides less of both compared to an R5 Desert Sages.
With Furina’s A1, Mika may be able to proc the passive twice per rotation, with each proc providing a generous 16 Flat Energy at R5. At lower refinements and with only one proc per rotation, this weapon becomes less noteworthy.
Prototype Starglitter
A craftable ER stat stick if the above options are not available.
Other ER Polearms
Viable ER stat sticks include Engulfing Lightning, Skyward Spine, and the Catch. However, other characters generally make better use of these weapons.
Black Tassel
Provides slightly more HP% than Desert Sages but lacks any ER or Energy generation. Black Tassel should only be used if Mika’s ER requirements have already been met.
Teams
Physical DPS Support
Mika — Electro — (Cryo) Flex — Physical DPS
Mika’s Physical damage buff makes him a viable option in Physical teams, although he often desires his C6 to pull ahead of units such as Bennett. He does not provide Physical RES Shred, so an Electro character to trigger Superconduct is still valuable. Mika also does not have great Cryo application, so another Cryo unit is recommended for Cryo Resonance and consistent Superconducts.
Notable Teammates
Eula
The premier Physical carry. Mika’s Skill buffs last for Eula’s entire Burst combo. At Talent Level 6, his Attack SPD buff allows Eula to comfortably gain 14 stacks on her Burst, instead of the usual 13.
Note that Eula must be on-field to receive Mika’s buffs. In other words, the buffs will not apply if Eula swaps off her Burst early. This can be troubling since Eula often swaps off early to defeat enemies before they ungroup or go into an invincibility phase, receive buffs before they expire, avoid “overkilling” and shorten rotations, etc.
Overall, Mika’s personal damage contribution is so little that, in terms of team damage, he is generally a sidegrade to existing
Eula teams
. However, despite his caveats, Mika does allow Eula herself to deal more damage.
Freminet
Freminet’s Physical playstyle appreciates Mika’s Physical DMG% buff and healing, and Freminet is also capable of keeping Cryo Resonance uptime.
Mika’s Attack SPD buff helps Freminet’s Normal Attack combos feel more comfortable, although Mika alone does not provide enough Attack SPD for Freminet to reach an additional Level 4 Shattering Pressure.
Because of Freminet’s unique synergy with Shatter, a Hydro teammate is recommended (e.g., Xingqiu, Yelan, Furina, etc.).
Zhongli
The infamous
Crescent Pike Zhongli (Pikeli)
is able to utilize Mika’s Physical damage and Attack SPD buffs quite comfortably. Unfortunately, Mika competes with other support units such as Yun Jin or Bennett.
Rosaria
,
Shenhe
While there are other viable Cryo units for off-field Superconduct triggers (e.g., Kaeya), Rosaria and Shenhe are particularly notable for their buffs and Physical RES Shred.
Furina
Furina’s Burst provides DMG% based on team HP changes. This, along with her Skill’s teamwide HP drain, synergizes well with the teamwide heal and healing over time from Mika’s Burst. A Furina-Mika duo provides potent buffs for the Physical damage dealer.
Off-Field Electro Units
Includes
Fischl
,
Yae Miko
,
Raiden
,
Lisa
, and others. These units provide Electro application for Superconduct and some personal damage when built.
Kuki Shinobu
sacrifices damage for comfort with her healing, although this may be unnecessary with Mika.
Other Physical DPS Units
Apart from Eula, there are very few units where building them for Physical damage is favorable over Elemental damage. Additionally, Mika is generally replaceable by another unit who enables reactions and/or brings their own personal damage.
Niche but potential Physical DPS units include
Razor
,
Fischl
,
Rosaria
, and
Keqing
.
Example Teams
This is not a comprehensive list of teams. The inclusion or exclusion of any given team does not necessarily reflect its power level.
Mika — Raiden — Rosaria — Eula
Sample Rotation
Raiden E > Rosaria E > Eula tE > Mika Q (h)E > Rosaria Q > Eula Q N4 hE N4 > (Rosaria E > Eula N2 >) Raiden Q 3N3C
Mika — Raiden — Furina — Eula
Sample Rotation
Raiden E > Furina E(D) Q > Mika Q (h)E > Eula tE Q N4 hE N4 > Raiden Q 3[N3C]
Mika — Fischl — Xingqiu — Freminet
Sample Rotation
Fischl E/Q > Xingqiu EQ (N1*) > Mika Q (N1*) (h)E > Freminet EQ N2 2[E N2 E N1]
*Normal Attack weaving increases Xingqiu Burst procs.
Mika — Fischl — Rosaria — Zhongli
Sample Rotation
Zhongli hE > Fischl E/Q > Mika Q hE > Rosaria Q E > Zhongli 2[N5D] > Rosaria E > Zhongli 2[N5D]
Attack SPD Buffer
Mika — Normal Attack DPS — Flex — Flex
Characters with less
hitlag
(mainly Bow and Catalyst users) take better advantage of Mika’s Attack SPD buff. Oftentimes, there is another healer and 4pc Noblesse Oblige holder in the team (e.g., Bennett). In these cases, Mika can forgo all stats since his Attack SPD buff only comes from his Skill’s Talent level.
Notable Teammates
Wanderer
Catalyst users have no hitlag on their attacks, so Wanderer’s Normal Attack combos benefit greatly from Mika’s Attack SPD buff. If Wanderer comes into contact with Cryo when he casts his Skill, he will gain 20% CRIT Rate (via his A4 Passive). However, this can be difficult to achieve since Mika applies very little Cryo.
Rosaria and Layla contest Mika for his spot in Wanderer teams. Rosaria provides her own CRIT Rate buff and more personal damage, whereas Layla provides interruption resistance and defensive utility. Both have better Cryo application than Mika.
Wriothesley
Wriothesley is an anomaly among Catalyst users due to his high hitlag. While this means he does not take as good advantage of Mika’s Attack SPD buffs, he still appreciates them. Note that Mika’s healing is not particularly notable for Wriothesley since it prevents Wriothesley from using his A1 enhanced Charged Attack. However, Mika does enable Cryo Resonance.
Some of Mika’s competitors in Wriothesley teams include Layla and Diona for interruption resistance, Bennett in Reverse Melt, or Sayu and Jean for 4pc Viridescent Venerer.
Yoimiya
,
Ayato
While these characters would benefit from Mika’s Attack SPD buff, they generally prefer characters who can enable consistent reactions, contribute their own personal damage, or provide other utility (such as interruption resistance for Yoimiya). As such, it can be hard to justify using Mika in these teams.
Example Teams
This is not a comprehensive list of teams. The inclusion or exclusion of any given team does not necessarily reflect its power level.
Mika — Wanderer — Faruzan — Bennett
Sample Rotation
Faruzan E (C*)Q > Mika tE (Q**) > Bennett tEQ > Wanderer (C) E NA-spam Q > Bennett tE
*Faruzan should use a Fully-Charged Aimed Shot to generate particles if she is pre-C6.
**Mika’s Burst is optional since Bennett already heals and often holds 4pc Noblesse Oblige.
Mika — Wriothesley — Yelan — Kazuha
Sample Rotation
Wriothesley N1 > Kazuha tEPQ > Yelan EQ (N1*) > Mika Q (N1*) tE > Kazuha tEP (N1*) > Wriothesley E N3C-spam (Q)
*Normal Attack weaving increases Yelan Burst procs.
General Healer Support
Mika — Furina/Flex — Flex — Flex
Mika’s Burst provides a generous amount of healing, with a big initial teamwide heal and smaller healing instances that trigger when the on-field character hits opponents with a Normal Attack. This is most notable in
Furina
teams, which greatly appreciate a strong healer due to her kit’s HP drain and buffs based on HP change.
Mika’s low Cryo application and short field time mean he is flexible and rarely interferes with his teammates’ setups. However, this also means he provides little else apart from keeping the team alive when not in teams that appreciate his Physical DMG% and Attack SPD buffs.
Example Teams
This is not a comprehensive list of teams. The inclusion or exclusion of any given team does not necessarily reflect its power level.
Mika — Furina — Raiden — Nahida
Sample Rotation
Raiden E > Furina E(D) Q > Nahida (h)E (Q) > Mika tE Q > Raiden Q 3[N3C] N1C
Credits
chasing_haze, KB, lunaflaw, nikatosaurus, idkanonymized, polomo, Kuro_kami91#6652, dejaroo, irokei, .athene., haafr, baloopy
Team images made with the
KQM portrait generator
.