The Best Weapons For Hu Tao In Genshin Impact
By
Asad Kashif
Updated
Nov 9, 2024, 2:30 AM EST
Asad Kashif, or Irre for those that know them better, is someone who gets hyper fixated on interests very easily. Their tale of indecisiveness has seen everything from Animal Crossing to Hades, and they don’t seem to be settling in a genre anytime soon.
With each era, Irre has made sure to create enough fan content to leave a mark. Not that they’ve ever shared any of it, that would be embarrassing. Irre’s current main interests include Genshin Impact, Card Games, obscure Indie games, and the magical world of Anime.
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Thread
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Hu Tao
is one of the premier DPS characters in
Genshin Impact
. Despite being released during Genshin's earliest days, her dual HP and ATK scaling, her absurdly strong Elemental Skill, the specific properties of her Charged Attack, as well as her generally charming personality has made her a consistently beloved character despite newer releases.
Related
Genshin Impact: Best Team Members For Hu Tao
We take a look at the characters that work best with Hu Tao to make the most of her incredible DPS.
Posts
By
Asad Kashif
Hu Tao's kit can be difficult to take in. Her HP can be turned into ATK, and Elemental Mastery is needed due to her ability to Vape all her hits. There's also the question of whether to use her Elemental Burst or not. With all these in mind, here are the best weapons for Hu Tao.
We assume four-star gacha weapons to be on refinement three, whereas five-star ones are calculated on their first refinement. On higher refinements, the five-star weapons are drastically better than all alternatives.
14
Black Tassel
Three-Star
Three-star weapons are generally not to be used if you want to optimize your DPS to its full potential. However, if you're just starting out or don't have any other options, the Black Tassel is a perfectly viable choice for Hu Tao, despite being a very weak weapon overall.
This is due to it being the only polearm in the game to give an HP% Substat,
something Hu Tao benefits greatly from
. However, since the passive is completely useless against any enemies other than slimes, it's best you switch to an alternative the moment you get your hands on one.
13
The White Tassel
Three-Star
Hu Tao has another viable three-star option in the White Tassel. While it doesn't grant her additional HP, it does give Hu Tao a good amount of CRIT Rate. This makes it a lot easier for you to have enough CRIT Value for more consistent damage, especially at earlier stages where you don't have access to amazing artifacts.
To fully utilize the White Tassel's passive for more competitive DPS, you can weave in two Normal Attacks before every Charged Attack, and repeat until your Elemental Skill runs out.
The passive is extremely good as well, though a bit overrated due to it only buffing your Normal Attacks, not your Charged ones. However, if you've just gotten Hu Tao and don't intend on using her animation cancels for her Charged Attacks, this weapon could be a better fit than even four-star alternatives.
12
The Prototype Starglitter
Four-Star
Hu Tao has a great Burst, dealing upwards of 100k damage with no investment. At higher levels, reaching 300k consistently isn't difficult either. However, with how strong Hu Tao's damage in her base kit is, the damage difference between using your Burst and not is still almost negligible.
Related
Genshin Impact: Pro Tips For Playing As Hu Tao
Hu Tao is a powerful Pyro DPS that needs a decent team composition to shine - here's what you need to know.
Posts
As such, Energy Recharge is more or less a wasted stat on her in most teams. It's still useful, but losing out on other weapon substats such as CRIT Rate or CRIT DMG results in a huge DPS loss. What makes this weapon slightly better than the three-star options is the DMG Bonus you get on your Charged and Normal Attacks after using your Elemental Skill.
11
The Blackcliff Pole
Four-Star
For most carries, the Blackcliff Pole is the perfect average weapon. It gives a huge CRIT DMG substat with a passive that grants you bonus ATK whenever you defeat an enemy. It's also not locked behind gacha, meaning it's very easy to gain refinements for it.
What makes other options better is its inability to grant Elemental Mastery. While ATK is still good, Hu Tao already gains more than enough of it from her Elemental Skill alone, making other stats better. Additionally, Hu Tao shines the most in single-target content, especially against bosses. This makes Blackcliff's Pole's passive completely useless.
10
Missive Windspear
Four-Star
The Missive Windspear is an event weapon, which means if you missed the event or are a new player, it's impossible to get it. However, if you did play the event, it's highly likely you have all five refinements for it, giving it a huge edge over others.
The weapon fulfills Hu Tao's Elemental Mastery needs while also granting her a superb amount of ATK. While stats such as CRIT Rate or CRIT DMG would still be better, the ATK isn't wasted, especially with how much you get. It's still weaker than other options, but is an amazing choice in teams without Bennett especially, due to its high ATK buffs.
9
Deathmatch
Four-Star
Deathmatch can only be obtained through buying the Gnostic Hymn Battle Pass in Genshin Impact. It grants you a hefty CRIT Rate stat, and then increases your ATK and DEF. However, it shines the best in single-target content, where it sacrifices the DEF for even more offensive power.
Related
Genshin Impact: Best Battle Pass Weapons For You
If you have Genshin Impact's Battle Pass, be sure to collect the best weapons you can for your characters.
Posts
By
Asad Kashif
While the weapon is certainly good and can deal more damage than weapons mentioned prior, the damage increase isn't significant enough to justify buying the Battle Pass for it.
8
Vortex Vanquisher
Five-Star
Vortex Vanquisher is one of the best weapons for any teams that have a
strong shielder
. The reason it isn't used as much is because, for most teams, a shielder results in an overall DPS loss. However, since Hu Tao doesn't work too well with healers, a shielder is almost necessary for her.
The weapon's actual effect is very straightforward. It increases the shield strength of your active character and grants them a huge buff to their ATK. We mentioned before that Hu Tao prefers other stats over ATK, but the sheer amount the Vortex Vanquisher provides makes it a very competitive choice.
7
Crimson Moon's Semblance
Five-Star
Arlecchino
's signature weapon, Crimson Moon's Semblance is somewhat of a weird weapon. It has lots of base ATK, as well as a decent amount of CRIT Rate. What makes it interesting is its passive, granting you a Bond of Life and then granting you buffs depending on how much of it you have.
The Bond of Life indicator pushes your health aside instead of overlapping it. If you have a 100 percent Bond of Life, it would show as half your HP.
The Bond of Life helps Hu Tao stay low on HP, but since Hu Tao has no way of granting any additional BoL to herself, she starts off with only the least amount of buffs. This problem goes away in later rotations, where Crimson Moon's Semblance can deal more damage than even other premier five-star options. However, this damage loss at earlier stages dumps your average DPS a lot, making it difficult to rank it any higher.
6
Primordial Jade Winged-Spear
Five-Star
The good thing about
Xiao
's signature weapon, the Primordial Jade-Spear, is that it can be put on any DPS and get good results. The bad thing about it is that these results are only ever good, not the best. It grants the highest ATK buff with its passive alone despite having a CRIT Rate substat, and is just an overall solid pick.
However, Hu Tao can't really make full use of this ATK, much like other options. This also doesn't provide her with any EM or Elemental DMG Bonus, something that options ranked higher do!
5
Dragon’s Bane
Four-Star
For many, the Dragon's Bane is Hu Tao's best weapon. It grants the most Elemental Mastery of any polearm while also having a passive that perfectly suits her, buffing DMG to enemies afflicted with Hydro. Since Hu Tao already Vapes every single hit, this four-star option is significantly better than many five-star ones.
Related
Genshin Impact: Every Bow User in The Game
Genshin Impact is all about creating party synergy with abilities. These bow users offer great utility and some are even free!
Posts
Another added advantage is that the Dragon's Bane is a staple of the weapon banner, being featured in nearly every other one. This makes it very easy to collect refinements, with each refinement drastically increasing the DPS.
Live-Service Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
26.2%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
19.7%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.2%
007 First Light
007 First Light
9.1%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.6%
Other
Other
21.1%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Shuhei Yoshida Claims PlayStation Launching Games Day One On PC Wouldn't Be "A Good Strategy"
Crimson Desert's Patch Notes Solve Most Of My Remaining Issues With The Game - So What's Next?
Leak Reveals New Xbox Game Pass Tier Available With Discord Nitro