Task Search
Checklists
Guides
Markers
Videos
Sort and Filter
No Results
Checklists
New Checklist
All Lists
My Checklists
All
All Lists
My Checklists
How creative can you get with your first free checklist?
Create a free account
All Interactive Maps and Locations
Genshin Escoffier Build Guide: Best Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
By
Cedric Pabriga
,
Jen Rothery
,
Triforce
,
+30 more
Updated
:
May 6, 2025 3:43pm UTC
Escoffier is a Fontainian off-field character who basically can do everything, so long as you keep her Energy Recharge needs in check. A chef of Fontaine, her cooking brings Freeze teams to a whole new level of playability. This guide to the
best Genshin Impact Escoffier build
will explain the best weapons, artifact sets, constellations, and team compositions for Escoffier.
Escoffier
Rarity:
★★★★★
Element:
Cryo
Weapon:
Polearm
Table of Contents:
How to Get Escoffier
Escoffier Gameplay Overview
Escoffier Talents and Attack Combos
Escoffier Constellation Analysis
Escoffier's Best Weapons
Escoffier's Best Artifacts
Escoffier's Best Teams
How to Get Escoffier in Genshin Impact
Escoffier is a limited 5-star character, meaning you can only acquire her during limited time banners where she is featured.
Genshin Escoffier Gameplay Overview
Element:
Cryo
Weapon:
Polearm
Rarity:
5-star
Escoffier is a heavily pushed character; she consolidates several roles that usually each require their own team member.
Escoffier has off-field damage comparable to Fischl, widely regarded as one of the best off-field DPS units in the game.
She also heals the party by a large amount through her Burst, much like Jean, Charlotte, Mika, etc.
Escoffier shreds Cryo and Hydro resistances even better than Anemo characters can, as long as your team consists solely of Cryo and Hydro characters
She also buffs teammates based on her passives, weapon, and artifact.
Essentially, Escoffier does it all. She’s made to push Freeze teams to the limit in terms of damage output and allows them to thrive even against enemies who cannot be frozen. Her biggest drawback is her massive Energy Recharge requirements, which easily go beyond 200% if she’s the only Cryo unit on your team.This can be mitigated by opting to Burst every other rotation, but the healing is quite important for her best teammate, Furina, who constantly drains the team’s health to deal damage, and who buffs the team based on healing received across the party.
Even as just an off-field DPS, Escoffier is worth pulling. When you stack that ontop of her healing ability, debuffs, and buffs, it’s almost a no-brainer. Escoffier is not a must-pull, but your account will absolutely benefit from having her.
Stats Worth Consideration
ATK%
: Escoffier wants a high ATK stat so she can share her ATK with her teammates.
Cryo DMG
: This is the element Escoffier’s damage is based off of.
CRIT Rate:
Only if you’re using Favonius Lance to generate energy for your team.
For any character devoted to building damage, it is important to prioritize a 1-to-2 ratio between CRIT Rate and CRIT DMG. 1-3 ratios, while they may give dopamine through bigger Crit numbers, is actually less damage overall. Aim for 75;150 in most cases!
Genshin Escoffier Talents and Attack Combos
Your talent-levelling priority should is Skill > Burst.
Normal Attack
Escoffier has no reason to use her Normal Attacks, so there is no reason to level this talent. She is best for her Skill’s damage and healing on Burst, as well as her passives.
Elemental Skill
Escoffier’s Skill has a tap function and a hold function.
The hold function is only useful for making food outside of combat, once per week. These guides focus on gearing characters for the most difficult content, so there won’t be further comments on this.
The tap function is quite strong. Escoffier summons a turret that follows the active character and deals Cryo damage to enemies regularly for 20s. There are a few noteworthy things about this Skill that aren’t apparent at first glance.
First, 20s is a LONG time to have a turret. It is essentially infinite uptime since many rotations are only 20s.
Second, Escoffier has high ATK, and the multiplier at Talent 9 is better than most off-field DPS turrets, including Fischl.
Third, characters like Fischl usually have their Skill damage being the main important thing about them… but Escoffier does a LOT more than just fulfill the role of off-field DPS. She is also a buffer, debuffer, and healer.
Elemental Burst
Escoffier’s Burst is very simple and very straightforward. It deals a huge amount of Cryo damage one time to nearby enemies and also heals the team by a pretty sizeable amount (expect somewhere around 5,000+ HP).
Escoffier
Passives
Next, come her passives.
After using the Elemental Burst, Escoffier will obtain the Rehab Diet effect for 9s: Restores HP for nearby active characters every 1s based on 138.24% of Escoffier's ATK. This adds constant healing to the rest of the party while still incentivizing building Escoffier for damage.
When there are 1/2/3/4 Hydro or Cryo characters in the party, Escoffier will decrease the Hydro RES and Cryo RES of any opponents hit by her Elemental Skill or her Elemental Burst by 5%/10%/15%/55% for 12s. This is a massive debuff to enemies. Reminiscent of Chevreuse, at the cost of limiting your team to purely Cryo and Hydro characters, she eliminates the need for shredding resistances from an Anemo character, because she does the job on her own even better. This passive is probably the reason you want to pull for Escoffier in the first place.
Finally, Escoffier's Hold Skill makes food if you hit her pot with elemental attacks… once per week. Moving on.
Escoffier
Field Time Inputs
Escoffier’s field time should be executed as such:
Escoffier Skill
Escoffier Burst
Swap
Genshin Escoffier Constellation Analysis
Escoffier is a fully functional character at C0, however, C1 and C2 are especially valuable, as is C3 to a lesser extent. It might be worth picking up a constellation or two, but even at C0, Escoffier is heavily pushed in power level to the point she doesn’t even remotely need them to clear the most difficult content in the game.
Constellation Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
C1.
When 4 party members are Hydro or Cryo, all nearby party members will have their Cryo DMG CRIT DMG increased by 60% for 15s after Escoffier uses her Skill or Burst
Unbalanced. Easily makes your Cryo DPS characters much more powerful. This kind of Constellation is usually relegated to a 4-star’s C6, but we get this as C1 on a 5-star.
C2.
Escoffier, after using her Skill, will gain 5 stacks for 15s. Each stack will trigger when a party member other than Escoffier deals Cryo damage, adding a flat damage buff of 240% ATK.
Reminiscent of Shenhe,
C3.
Increase Skil talent level by 3.
Just more damage!
C4.
Rehab Diet lasts 6 more seconds. While it is active, you have a chance of healing 100% extra HP and restoring 2 Energy to Escoffier when you trigger healing through Rehab Diet. This chance corresponds to Escoffier's CRIT Rate. You can trigger this effect 7 times during any one Rehab Diet's duration.
Helps Escoffier’s energy requirements and adds more healing. The extra healing probably isn’t necessary, but it makes her a much better teammate for Furina.
C5.
Increases Burst talent level by 3.
Same notes as C4, minus the energy assistance.
C6.
Skill is enhanced: When your party's active character's Normal, Charged, or Plunging Attacks hit opponents, Escoffier’s Skill will fire off 500% of Escoffier's ATK as AoE Cryo DMG; once every 0.5s, up to 6 times within the duration of one Cooking Mek: Cold Storage Mode.
Another strong C6, but this pales in comparison to other C6’s. Most C6’s on 5-stars change the character’s play style, but this just adds more damage. Up to 3,000% motion value is nothing to sneeze at.
Genshin Escoffier's Best Weapons
Escoffier wants three things: CRIT stats, ATK, and Energy Recharge. Recharge is especially relevant where you aren’t using mostly Cryo characters in the team. ATK will boost her damage and healing, and CRIT is best for damage overall while also being a more difficult stat to build.
Weapon Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
Symphonist of Scents
66.2% CRIT DMG
ATK is increased by 12%. When the equipping character is off-field, ATK is increased by an additional 12%. After healing, the equipping character and healed character(s) will obtain the "Sweet Echoes" effect, increasing their ATK by 32% for 3s. This effect can be triggered even if the equipping character is off-field.
Best-in-Slot
There’s just nothing else that compares. 32% ATK to the whole team whenever they’re healed by Escoffier is a massive bonus. It heavily incentivizes building Energy Recharge to make sure you can Burst every rotation, but that’s compensated by the enormity of the buff that is provided.
Calamity Queller
16.5% ATK
Gain 12% All Elemental DMG Bonus. Obtain Consummation for 20s after using an Elemental Skill, causing ATK to increase by 3.2% per second. This ATK increase has a maximum of 6 stacks. When the character equipped with this weapon is not on the field, Consummation's ATK increase is doubled.
Best Backup Limited 5-Star Option
The enormous ATK stat (741) along the ATK substat helps maximize her healing abilities while also contributing to damage. Since she will be off-field when damaging enemies anyways, the doubled ATK buff will work wonders. This easily compensates for having to use an Energy Recharge Sands.
Skyward Spine
36.8% ER
Increase CRIT Rate by 8%. The rest of the passives don’t apply to Escoffier’s gameplay.
Best Standard 5-Star Option
High base ATK and the Energy Recharge substat make this a fine use for Escoffier, but it’s basically just a stat stick. It’s unfortunate that she doesn’t use her Normal Attacks, as there’s no way to really gain benefit from Skyward Spine’s other buffs. Other 5-star options will feel similarly underutilized.
Deathmatch (R5)
36.8% CRIT Rate
If there are at least 2 opponents nearby, ATK is increased by 32% and DEF is increased by 32%. If there are fewer than 2 opponents nearby, ATK is increased by 48%.
Battle Pass Option
A massive amount of CRIT rate at the cost of low base ATK. However, the ATK buff helps compensate somewhat for this. Be very careful if you’re using the Blizzard Strayer artifact set in Freeze teams, because it will be very easy to go over 100% CRIT Rate, and anything above 100% is wasted entirely.
Favonius Lance
30.6% ER
CRIT Hits have a 60-100% chance to generate a small amount of Elemental Particles, which will regenerate 6 Energy for the character. Can only occur once every 12-6s.
Accessible 4-Star Option
A fine default option since it balances Base ATK with Energy Recharge. Favonius weapons are a good bottom line for basically any support character, especially ones with high Energy Recharge. The reason this is ranked unusually low is because Escoffier is a rare case of having both support and DPS roles, and Favonius weapons don’t cater to damage needs.
Genshin Escoffier's Best Artifacts
Sands
– ATK%
Goblet
– Cryo DMG%
Circlet
– CRIT Rate/DMG
Artifact Set Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
4pc Golden Troupe
2pc: +20% Skill DMG.
4pc: Increases Elemental Skill DMG by 25%. Additionally, when not on the field, Elemental Skill DMG will be further increased by 25%. This effect will be cleared 2s after taking the field.
Best Overall Option
All-around the best set for Escoffier; this set is tailor-made for Skill-based Off-Field DPS units, and since Escoffier is one of the better ones out there, she is no exception.
4pc Blizzard Strayer
2pc: +15% Cryo DMG.
4pc: When a character attacks an opponent affected by Cryo, their CRIT Rate is increased by 20%. If the opponent is Frozen, CRIT Rate is increased by an additional 20%.
Best Choice for Freeze Teams Only
With Blizzard Strayer in a Freeze team, you will not need to build CRIT Rate at all, since Escoffier’s Ascension Stat and 40% CRIT Rate will often be enough. It’s likely you’ll have at least one or two CRIT Rate substats to hit that magic 75% number. However, this gets much worse in Boss fights where they can’t be frozen.
Genshin Escoffier's Best Teams
Escoffier is made for Freeze teams. That said, this guide will focus mostly on her Hydro and Cryo teammates in order to make the most of her passives. However, Escoffier is also generically powerful enough that you can slap her into basically any team when she’s focused on damage. Her Cryo application is also good enough to help out Melt teams
As long as the entire team consists of Hydro and Cryo characters, you can basically mix-and-match just about anyone. Furina is an exceptional teammate to look out for, since Escoffier’s healing enhances Furina’s buffs, and Furina is a great off-field DPS as well. Your remaining slot for Freeze teams should go to your favorite on-field DPS in Cryo or Hydro, along with whatever teammate in those elements supports that DPS the best.
In terms of Melt teams, her role consolidation helps her keep Cryo aura on enemies for Pyro DPS units to Melt off of while healing and dealing respectable damage. Usually, you’ll want to pair Escoffier with another Cryo unit, if not at the very least for Energy Recharge concerns.
Guide Character
Hydro/Cryo DPS
Furina/Flex
Hydro/Cryo
Guide Character
Pyro DPS
Flex
Flex
Specific Teammate Choices
Teammate Choices
Character Name
Notes
Character Name
Notes
Ayaka
Cryo DPS
Can be played on-field or off-field
Incredibly powerful Burst, especially in Freeze teams
Among the strongest Cryo DPS characters in the game
Energy-hungry
Ganyu
Cryo DPS
Can be played on-field or off-field
Aimed Shots are made easy in Freeze teams
High AOE damage with Aimed Shots
Infinite range if you aim well enough
Among the strongest Cryo DPS characters in the game
Bennett
Pyro Support / Healer
C1+ Recommended
Huge Teamwide Flat ATK Buff
Rapid Healing Within AoE
Great Pyro energy supplier
Short Cooldowns on Skill/Burst
Accessible via Paimon's Bargains
Neuvillette
Hydro On-Field DPS
The most powerful on-field Hydro DPS at time of writing.
Self-drain/heal
Turn mouse sensitivity up and spin to win
Long rotations
Xingqiu
Off-Field Hydro DPS
Consistent Hydro application to ensure reactions.
Interruption resistance
Minor healing
Excellent single-target damage output.
Paired with Yelan, can often carry a team by themselves.
Yelan
Off-Field Hydro DPS
Consistent Hydro application to ensure reactions.
Paired with Xingqiu, can often carry a team by themselves.
Sizeable buff to active character – up to 50% DMG bonus.
Excellent single-target damage output.
Furina
On-Field DPS
The Hydro Archon demands a dedicated healer
Massive universal damage-buffer for team
Impressive damage on top of her support capabilities
Mavuika
Pyro DPS
Incredible damage when paired with Natlan characters.
Slow Pyro application works well with Forward Melt reactions.
No energy requirements
Perhaps the strongest Pyro DPS at time of writing.
Kaeya
Off-Field Cryo DPS
Respectable damage output
Consistent application for reactions
Orbiting icicles make melee-based reactions more reliable.
Rosaria
Off-Field Cryo DPS
Impressive AoE damage output
Grants CRIT Rate bonus to the team
Low cooldowns means she generates lots of energy
Viable in a variety of roles and builds
Citlali
Cryo Support
Natlan support that provides Fighting Spirit for Mavuika
4pc Cinder City offers huge elemental damage buffs to team.
Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayer buffer
Amplifies Cryo, Hydro, and Pyro reactions and damage for teammates.
Offers a modest shield.
Shenhe
Cryo Support
Adds massive damage bonuses to Cryo teammates.
Builds almost exclusively ATK%
Often wields Favonius weapons
Up Next:
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Previous
Hypostatic Symphony: Dissonant Verse
Next
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Top Guide Sections
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna IV Release Time and Details
Genshin Impact Luna III Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna II Release Date and Details
Was this guide helpful?
Leave feedback
In This Guide
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Initial Release:
Sep 27, 2020
+2
Learn more
Go to comments