Click Here to Add Beebom as a Trusted Source
Add as a preferred source on Google
Updated: Escoffier’s build has been updated on May 7, 2025
Escoffier is a strong Cryo support character in Genshin Impact who can revive your old Freeze team comps by herself. She is an extremely strong support for Freeze teams and can also provide a ton of healing. With Escoffier’s best build that we have suggested in this guide, she will bring your old Cryo DPS units back into prominence. So, here is a complete guide on what Escoffier team comps to use in Genshin Impact and start dominating enemies with Escoffier.
Best Escoffier Build in Genshin Impact
Image Credit: Hoyoverse (via YouTube/Genshin Impact, screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
Escoffier is a
strong support for freeze teams
and her abilities can provide a ton of heals and buffs. If you are planning to pull for her, then you must prepare to build her correctly in the game. Once you’ve gotten a grasp of
Escoffier’s kit
, here is her best build in Genshin Impact:
Artifact
: Golden Troupe (4-piece)
Weapon
: Symphonist of Scents (5-star), Deathmatch (4-star)
Main Stats
: Attack% (Sands), Attack% (Goblet), and Crit Damage% (Circlet)
Sub Stats
: Crit Damage% > Attack% > Crit Rate% = ER
Team
: Ganyu, Furina, Shenhe, Escoffier
Now, this may be the best Escoffier build, but it isn’t the only build for her. You can build Escoffier in different ways and play her in different teams. Below is a detailed guide on Escoffier’s build with multiple options for her artifacts, weapons, and teams.
Escoffier Build: Best Artifacts
Image Credit: Hoyoverse/Genshin Impact (screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
Golden Troupe
Blizzard Strayer
For Escoffier’s artifact in her best build,
Golden Troupe is by far the best option
. This set massively increases Elemental Skill damage, which is her main source of damage.
If you don’t want to use Golden Troupe, then Blizzard Strayer is another good artifact option for Escoffier. This artifact set increases the Cryo damage for the wearer and also increases Crit Rate against opponents affected by Cryo.
Genshin Impact Escoffier Artifact Stats
Image Credit: Hoyoverse (via YouTube/Genshin Impact, screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
Sands
: Attack%
Goblet
: Attack%
Circlet
: Crit Damage%
Sub-stats
: Crit Damage% > Attack% > Crit Rate% = ER
As for the artifact stats for Escoffier,
prioritize getting Crit Damage%
for increasing her sub-DPS damage. Follow up with Attack% to scale her kit and then focus on adding Crit Rate and Energy Regeneration. When it comes to her main stats, prioritize getting an Attack% Sands and Goblet, and Crit Damage% Circlet on Escoffier.
Genshin Impact Escoffier Build: Best Weapons (Polearm)
Image Credit: Hoyoverse (via YouTube/Genshin Impact, screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
Symphonist of Scents
Calamity Queller
Staff of Homa
Deathmatch
Favonius Lance
Tamayuratei no Ohanashi
Prospector’s Drill
There are many great weapon options for Escoffier’s best build. The best polearm for Escoffier is her Signature weapon, called
Symphonist of Scents
. This weapon gives a massive Attack buff, scaling Escoffier’s abilities well. If you don’t want to get her signature weapon, then you can use Calamity Queller and Staff of Homa as 5-star alternatives.
When it comes to 4-star weapons, go for
Deathmatch and Favonius Lance
. If you want a F2P option, then Tamayuratei no Ohanashi is the perfect weapon pick for Escoffier. You might need a ton of Primogems to grab the latest characters and weapons, so use
Genshin Impact codes
for free rewards.
Genshin Impact Escoffier: Best Team Comps
Image Credit: Hoyoverse (via YouTube/Genshin Impact, screenshot by Sanmay Chakrabarti/Beebom)
Ganyu Freeze team
: Ganyu, Furina, Shenhe, Escoffier
Wriothesly Freeze team
: Wriothesly, Furina, Yelan, Escoffier
Neuvillette Hypercarry
: Neuvillette, Furina, Kaedahara Kazuha, Escoffier
Hu Tao Melt team
: Hu Tao, Furina, Yelan, Escoffier
Escoffier’s best build is mainly useful in Freeze teams, so it is clear that
she will be an amazing support for Ganyu’s Freeze team
. Other than Ganyu, Wriothesley Freeze teams can also benefit greatly from Escoffier’s buffs, damage, and healing in Genshin Impact.
Another good team comp that can use Escoffier is Neuvillette. However,
Neuvillette hypercarry teams
don’t necessarily need this character to deal a ton of damage. Hu Tao melt teams can also use Escoffier, but it’s better if you use her in Freeze teams instead.
As Escoffier is a cryo support character, it is clear that
she is mainly being released for Skirk teams
.
Skirk
is expected to release in Genshin Impact 5.7 version, and she is rumored to be a cryo character. If you are planning to pull Skirk in version 5.7, it might be a wise choice to also invest in Escoffier.
So, are you planning to pull for Escoffier in Genshin Impact 5.6? Tell us who you are prioritizing in this update in the comments below.
Related Articles
Genshin Impact Ifa Kit, Materials and Constellations
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Apr 28, 2025
Genshin Impact Tier List – Best Characters Ranked for Luna VI Update (April 2026)
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Mar 28, 2025
All Urubamba Saurian Locations In Genshin Impact 5.5
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Mar 27, 2025
Genshin Impact 5.5: A Final Emberforged Quest Guide
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Mar 27, 2025
#Tags
#Genshin Impact
Sanmay Chakrabarti
An old soul who loves CRPGs and Souls-Like to death. Takes pleasure in simplifying "Complex and Hard" games for casual players with tailored guides and videos. He loves to explore new places, read fantasy fiction, watch anime, and create wacky character builds in his off time. He also loves solving puzzles,  and is proud of maintaining his long winning streak on NYT Connections.
Comments
0
Leave a Reply
Cancel reply
Add new comment
Name
Email ID
Δ
Loading comments...
Recommended Articles
Best Illuga Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Columbina Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Zibai Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
7 Best Miliastra Wonderland Games in Genshin Impact
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Linnea Build, Kit, and Weapons
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Varka Build, Kit, Teams and Materials
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Jahoda Build: Teams, Artifacts and Weapons
Sanmay Chakrabarti
More In Gaming
Sailor Piece Guilds Guide
Ishan Adhikary
How to Get Guild Keys in Sailor Piece
Ishan Adhikary
How to Spawn Sea Beasts in Sailor Piece
Ishan Adhikary
How to Get Dragon Goddess Sword in Sailor Piece
Bipradeep Biswas
How to Get The World in Sailor Piece
Bipradeep Biswas
How to Get Cosmic Being in Sailor Piece
Bipradeep Biswas
How to Get World Outfit in Sailor Piece
Arnamoy Das