Thoma is a four-star Pyro polearm user and a close aide to the Kamisato family. He performs as a shielder and off-field sub-DPS unit, with the ability to apply Pyro every few seconds.
Recommended Videos
However, his shield and off-field damage suffer from split scaling (HP vs. Attack), so he must be built specifically for his role in your team. While Thoma is a little complex to build, putting in the effort pays off as there are very few Pyro shielders in Genshin Impact. Here are some of my recommendations on how to build Thoma, including his best Artifacts, stats, weapons, and teams.
Table of Contents
Best weapons for Thoma in Genshin Impact
Best Artifacts for Thoma in Genshin Impact
Best team for Thoma in Genshin Impact
More Posts from PGG
Best weapons for Thoma in Genshin Impact
Given the number of useful polearms in Genshin Impact, Thoma has a plethora of weapon options to choose from. Out of these, I recommend sticking with four-star options as applicable five-star polearms are better allotted to your DPS units.
Five-star options
Staff of Homa
(universal)
Engulfing Lightning
(sub-DPS)
Four-star options
Kitain Cross Spear
(sub-DPS)
Favonius Lance
(sub-DPS)
Dragon's Bane
(sub-DPS)
The Catch (sub-DPS)
Three-star options
Black Tassel (shield)
Related:
Genshin Impact Hangout Event: Thoma Guide
Best Artifacts for Thoma in Genshin Impact
Thoma's Artifact stats are highly dependent on how you want to build him. My recommendation is to mix and match until you reach your preferred shield and Burst ratio. Just because you build him as a sub-DPS doesn't mean foregoing the HP stats entirely, as it can be useful to bulk up his shield.
Sands
: HP percent (shielder) or Energy Recharge (sub-DPS)
Goblet
: HP percent (shielder) or Elemental Mastery (sub-DPS)
Circlet
: HP percent (shielder) or Elemental Mastery (sub-DPS)
Substats
: HP, Elemental Mastery, Energy Recharge
Thoma is a character who must be built intentionally. Choose any of the following Artifact sets based on how you plan to use him:
Four-piece Noblesse Oblige
(support; only one character in the team must use this set)
Offers a team-wide Attack buff and also benefits Thoma's Elemental Burst Damage. However, the Attack buff doesn't stack, so make sure only one character in the team is using this set at all times.
Four-piece Emblem of Severed Fate
(sub-DPS)
This set is a great pick if you're building Thoma as a sub-DPS unit, as it boosts his Energy Recharge and Elemental Burst Damage. You must have a fairly high Energy Recharge stat to fully benefit from the passive. Not applicable if you build Thoma as a shielder.
Four-piece Flower of Paradise Lost
(Burgeon build)
If you're specifically building Thoma to perform as a sub-DPS in a Burgeon-based team comp, then this set is perfect as it offers an EM boost, on top of a Burgeon damage boost. Not recommended if you plan to use Thoma for other Reactions.
Four-piece
Gilded Dreams
(Mono Pyro or Reaction-based build)
This set is applicable universally across all Elemental Reactions, as it boosts both EM and either Attack or EM based on the team composition. It's a great option even in a Mono Pyro team, as Thoma will get an Attack percent boost for every party member with the same Element.
Two-piece combos
:
Tenacity of the Millelity (HP)
Gilded Dreams (EM)
Flower of Paradise Lost (EM)
Emblem of Severed Fate (ER)
Best team for Thoma in Genshin Impact
Thoma is a fairly universal character who can slot into any team comp that
requires Pyro
. Be careful not to place him in comps where adding Pyro can destroy your intended Reactions, such as Freeze, Bloom, Superconduct, Quicken, and similar teams. Instead, Thoma can be used in the following:
Burgeon team
- paired with a Dendro applicator, such as
Nahida
or
Alhaitham
.
Melt team
- paired with a Cryo applicator, such as
Wriothesley
or
Ganyu
.
Vape team
- paired with a Hydro applicator, such as
Xingqiu
and
Yelan
.
Mono Pyro team
- usually paired with
Lyney
, who popularized this build option.
For more on Thoma, check out our
Genshin Impact Thoma farming guide
here on Pro Game Guides.
More Posts from PGG