Genshin Impact: Thoma Best Team Compositions
By
Kyle Gorges
Published
Feb 14, 2022, 2:45 PM EST
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Blazing Butterflies
A Loyal Friend Indeed
Sweeping Flames
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Officially designated the housekeeper of the
Kamisato Clan
,
Thoma
may be from
Mondstadt
but is well-known as the “fixer” of
Inazuma
, helping many common folks sort out their everyday problems. In fact, Thoma is the first face the
Traveler
meets after setting foot in the mysterious island nation. From thereon, he proves to be a valuable ally and charming friend as he guides your journey in
Genshin Impact
.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best Builds For Thoma
In terms of gameplay, Thoma rests comfortably inside the niche of “
Pyro shielder
.” He likely won’t scorch your socks off with blistering damage numbers and unrivaled utility, but he can still fill certain roles on certain teams quite well. There’s even one particular team he’s considered optimal on, so let’s explore how you can best utilize this fiery support for yourself.
Blazing Butterflies
This is the composition in which Thoma shines the most.
Hu Tao
is no doubt one of the strongest characters in Genshin Impact, dealing instances of Pyro damage that make Hilichurls in neighboring regions start sweating. In order to be so effective, though, Hu Tao needs some help, and her needs are pretty specific.
The use of Hu Tao usually necessitates the use of
Xingqiu
as well, whose Elemental Burst lets Hu Tao
Vaporize
each of her Charged Attacks. Next, you want an Anemo user like
Kazuha
with the
Viridescent Venerer Artifact Set
in order to
Swirl
Pyro and reduce the Pyro RES of affected opponents. So with these three characters in place, what’s the final piece of the “Hu Tao One Billion Damage Not Clickbait” puzzle?
A cursory glance might suggest
Bennett
for this role; after all, he provides significant ATK boosts to your team while granting Hu Tao
Pyro Resonance
. Unfortunately, the healing granted by Bennett’s Burst is actually a detriment for Hu Tao, who wants to remain at low health for maximum damage. The solution, then, is our resident housekeeper Thoma.
Thoma provides everything else that Hu Tao needs
: Pyro Resonance for increased ATK as well as a shield to protect her from enemy blows. Furthermore, the fiery waves created by Thoma’s Burst are slow enough that they are unlikely to steal the Vaporizes from Hu Tao’s Charge Attacks, meaning you can squeeze out a little extra firepower without unintentionally hindering your main damage source.
Plus, Thoma’s Skill and Burst also let you apply Pyro to enemies right off the bat
to set up Swirls from your Anemo character. Hu Tao loves the extra damage she gets from this process, but it’s difficult for her to apply Pyro initially before she starts her primary attack sequence. Befitting his title as the “fixer,” Thoma solves this issue beautifully.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Hu Tao Build Guide
A Loyal Friend Indeed
Don’t let Thoma’s forays with Hu Tao fool you, though. Thoma is loyal to one lady, and that’s
Kamisato Ayaka
, the eldest daughter of the Kamisato Clan. Okay, whether that statement is actually true or not is up for debate, but the point is that Thoma can also function well in a
Melt-focused team
with Cryo characters like Ayaka.
Running Thoma along with another Pyro user and two Cryo users makes you the beneficiary of two of the strongest Elemental Resonances in the game. Passing Thoma’s Blazing Barrier and Scorching Ooyoroi over to Ayaka will also grant her exceptional protection against Pyro foes, as well as enable consistent Melt Reactions when her attacks mix with Thoma’s Fiery Collapses. If you have Thoma’s
Sixth Constellation
, that will further increase the damage of Ayaka’s Normal and Charged Attacks also.
Although probably not Ayaka or Thoma’s “ideal” team, this composition still functions very well, especially for overworld activities.
The contrast of Cryo and Pyro damage lets you clean up multiple enemy types with ease
, and Thoma’s shields should prevent you from needing frequent trips to the infirmary. At the very least, this composition is thematically satisfying and worth trying out.
Sweeping Flames
While Thoma’s other teams are fairly reliant on the involvement of a specific character, this team setup is extremely general. Essentially,
if you want Pyro Resonance for your team and you’re struggling to evade enemy attacks, consider slotting in Thoma
.
For characters like
Yoimiya
, who often need protection to complete their attack strings, or characters like
Diluc
,
who thrive in the dangerous space right next to opponents, Thoma can provide sufficient protection while passively adding to your team’s overall damage.
If you decide to deploy Thoma and another Pyro DPS character, the other two slots on your team can be filled with nearly anyone you want.
Yun Jin
could further bolster any Normal Attackers,
Venti
could gather enemies for easier takedowns, or
Bennett
could even be used to go all-in on the Pyro Element. The list goes on, but consider this to be one of Thoma’s strengths; although he might not be the best choice for a certain team, the Kamisato housekeeper is guaranteed to be a decent choice on almost any composition.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact Complete Guide And Walkthrough
Gaming Guides
Live-Service Games
Triple-A Games
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
26.4%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
19.8%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.0%
007 First Light
007 First Light
9.2%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.5%
Other
Other
21.1%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Nintendo Is Being Sued By Gamers Over Potential Tariff Refund
Leak Reveals New Xbox Game Pass Tier Available With Discord Nitro
Masters Of Albion Launches In Early Access To Mixed Reviews