Trending
The Boys Season 5
Windrose
Invincible Season 4
Twitch
Overwatch
Gaming
Genshin Impact
Best Qiqi Genshin Impact build: Artifacts, weapons, more
by
Andrew Amos
Published:
Feb 12, 2024, 15:46
Save for later
Save for later
miHoYo
Get Notifications for Gaming News
Qiqi might be a meme in Genshin Impact, but the 5-star Cryo Sword user is a very good healer, all things considered. If you want to make the most out of the zombie of Bubu Pharmacy, we’ve got a guide to her best build, including the top artifacts and weapons.
So, you lost the 50-50 pity roll to Qiqi, and you’ve found yourself here, looking for a guide to the well-memed Genshin Impact healer. Well, we’re here to tell you she’s actually not that bad with the right build.
Article continues after ad
Qiqi can very much stand up as a strong healer, given her minimal field presence. It means you can keep your allies topped up without having to drop your DPS too much.
Here are the best artifacts and weapons you need to build on Qiqi in Genshin Impact to make the most of the Cryo Sword healer.
Article continues after ad
Contents
Qiqi abilities
Qiqi constellations
Best Qiqi artifacts
Best Qiqi weapons
Qiqi Talent Level-Up and Ascension materials
Qiqi trailer
Best Qiqi team comp
HoYoverse
Qiqi decimates enemies with her chilling abilities, healing her allies in the process.
Qiqi’s abilities in Genshin Impact
Normal Attack: Ancient Sword Art
Normal Attack:
Perform up to five rapid strikes.
Charged Attack:
Consumes a certain amount of stamina to unleash two rapid sword strikes.
Plunging Attack:
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AOE DMG upon impact.
Elemental Skill Adeptus Art: Herald of Frost
Using the Icevein Talisman, Qiqi brings forth the Herald of Frost, dealing Cryo DMG to surrounding opponents.
However, that’s not the primary power of the spell. Herald of Frost allows Qiqi to heal HP for your party and co-op teammates on hit, while also passively regenerating your active character’s health if you swap off Qiqi. The aura will follow allies around, dealing Cryo DMG.
Article continues after ad
Elemental Burst: Adeptus Art: Preserver of Fortune
Qiqi releases the adeptus power sealed within her body, marking nearby opponents with a Fortune-Preserving Talisman that deals Cryo DMG.
When allies hit targets affected by the talisman, they heal for a little bit of health. This ability also doesn’t require Qiqi to be active to be effective ⁠— in fact, it’s better to drop it and then swap to your higher DPS characters.
miHoYo
Qiqi can stand on her own, but excels at keeping her allies’ health topped up.
Qiqi Constellations
Lucky (or unlucky, if you’ve lost the 50-50) enough to get multiple copies of Qiqi? Here are her powerful constellations you can look forward to using.
Article continues after ad
Related
Best Rem build in Deadlock
Article continues after ad
Level 1 ⁠— Ascetics of Frost:
When the Herald of Frost hits an opponent marked by a Fortune-Preserving Talisman, Qiqi regenerates 2 Energy.
Level 2 ⁠— Frozen to the Bone:
Qiqi’s Normal and Charge Attack DMG against opponents affected by Cryo is increased by 15%.
Level 3 ⁠— Ascendant Praise:
Increases the Level of Adeptus Art: Preserver of Fortune by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4 ⁠— Divine Suppression:
Targets marked by the Fortune-Preserving Talisman have their ATK decreased by 20%.
Level 5 ⁠— Crimson Lotus Bloom:
Increases the Level of Adeptus Art: Herald of Frost by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6 ⁠— Rite of Resurrection:
Using Adeptus Art: Preserver of Fortune revives all fallen party members nearby and regenerates 50% of their HP. This effect can only occur once every 15 mins.
Best Qiqi Artifacts in Genshin Impact
Qiqi benefits from one stat in particular from her artifacts, and that’s attack. Her healing scales are based on her own attack stat, so finding artifacts with ATK and ATK% bonuses is really important ⁠— more so than Energy Recharge (to help her long cooldowns) or Healing Bonus.
As for the artifact sets, the Ocean-Hued Clam is great, meaning her allies can take advantage of overhealing and dealing plenty of damage even if Qiqi isn’t on the field. However, if you haven’t had the time to farm for the new set released in Version 2.3, there are some other options.
Article continues after ad
Artifact
Details
Ocean-Hued Clam
2-Piece Set:
Healing Bonus +15%
4-Piece Set:
When the character with this artifact set heals a party member, 1 Foam will appear. It accumulates healed HP for 3 seconds, then explodes and deals 90% of the HP healed as DMG to nearby enemies. Max accumulated healing is 30,000 HP, including over-heal. There can only be 1 Foam active, but it stays even if you swap out. Foam CD is 3.5s.
Maiden Beloved
2-Piece Set:
Character Healing Effectiveness +15%.
4-Piece Set:
Using an Elemental Skill or Burst increases healing received by all party members by 20% for 10s.
Tenacity of the Millelith
2-Piece Set:
HP +20%
4-Piece Set:
When an Elemental Skill hits an opponent, the ATK of all nearby party members is increased by 20% and their Shield Strength is increased by 30% for 3s. This effect can be triggered once every 0.5s. This effect can still be triggered even when the character who is using this artifact set is not on the field.
Best Qiqi weapons in Genshin Impact
Qiqi needs her weapons to also grant her attack to keep boosting her heals. That’s why
Summit Shaper
is her best weapon, constantly scaling her damage upwards as she hits on the board. If you shield her before sending her into battle, you can get plenty of ATK boosts to make her heals stronger once you sub her off.
Article continues after ad
However, there are a couple of other options ⁠— and as long as they boost her ATK or Energy Recharge, it’s good.
Article continues after ad
Weapon
Details
Summit Shaper
Increases Shield Strength by 20%. Scoring hits on opponents increases ATK by 4% for 8s. Max 5 stacks. Can only occur once every 0.3s. While protected by a shield, ATK increase effect is increased by 100%.
Skyward Blade
CRIT Rate increased by 4%. Gains Skypiercing Might upon using an Elemental Burst: Increases Movement SPD by 10%, increases ATK SPD by 10%, and increases the DMG of Normal and Charged Attack hits by 20% for 12s.
Sacrificial Sword
After damaging an opponent with an Elemental Skill, the skill has a 40% chance to end its own CD. Can only occur once every 30s.
Qiqi Talent Level-Up and Ascension materials
A lot of Qiqi’s Talent Level-Up and Ascension materials can be found around Liyue ⁠— which makes sense given she hails from the region. Violetgrass can often be found on Liyue mountain faces and cliffs, and the Hoarfrost Core drops from the Cryo Regisvine in Mondstadt.
The Jade ores drop from any Cryo bosses, while Scrolls drop against the ranged Samachurls. You can find the amount of Talent Level-Up and Ascension materials you need to max out Qiqi below.
Article continues after ad
Qiqi Talent Level-Up Materials
Talent Level-Up Materials
Talent Level-Up Materials
Teachings of Prosperity x9
Guide to Prosperity x63
Philosophies of Prosperity x114
Common Ascension Materials
Divining Scroll x18
Sealed Scroll x66
Forbidden Curse Scroll x93
Weekly Boss Materials
Tail of Boreas x18
Qiqi Ascension materials
Ascension Level
Mora Cost
Materials
1
20,000
Shivada Jade Sliver x1
–
Violetgrass x3
Divining Scroll x3
2
40,000
Shivada Jade Fragment x3
Hoarfrost Core x2
Violetgrass x10
Divining Scroll x15
3
60,000
Shivada Jade Fragment x6
Hoarfrost Core x4
Violetgrass x20
Sealed Scroll x12
4
80,000
Shivada Jade Chunk x3
Hoarfrost Core x8
Violetgrass x30
Sealed Scroll x18
5
100,000
Shivada Jade Chunk x6
Hoarfrost Core
x12
Violetgrass x45
Forbidden Curse Scroll x12
6
120,000
Shivada Jade Gemstone x6
Hoarfrost Core
x20
Violetgrass x60
Forbidden Curse Scroll x24
Qiqi Genshin Impact trailer
Qiqi’s
trailer in Genshin Impact
, named after her title of being the Fortune-Preserving Talisman, dives into her abilities, combos, and a bit of her backstory as a herb collector for the Bubu Pharmacy in Liyue.
It ends on a rather ominous note about her past ⁠— given she’s a zombie, death isn’t really an option, and she’s forgotten about her past. Maybe more will be revealed about her story as Genshin Impact’s main plotline unravels.
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
Best Qiqi team comp
HoYoverse
Chongyun and Qiqi make a great Cryo duo to build a team around.
As a healer, Qiqi can slot into most team comps just as is. She provides decent support in that regard, but if you’re looking for elemental reactions to play off, she isn’t the greatest because of her long cooldowns.
However, a good start is pairing her with
Chongyun
, being flexible enough to act as either a further Cryo support or even a DPS. He also grants Elemental Resonance because of the Cryo synergy.
Article continues after ad
Depending on your loadout, Qiqi also benefits from shields thanks to Summit Shaper. Therefore, Geo characters like
Zhongli
, or even Cryo support
Diona
, are good to pair with her to maximize her healing output ⁠— but be wary of running comps with the latter as you might lack DPS.
You can fill out your build with any main DPS though: Electro characters like
Raiden Shogun
are good, or even Pyro carries
Hu Tao
and
Klee
. Want permafreeze? Look towards
Mona and Xingqiu
.
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
Qiqi is a solid support to put into any team, especially if you’re lacking healing in your current side.
If you’re looking for more great Genshin Impact builds to round out your team, check out our list below.
Best Albedo Build
|
Best Aloy build
|
Best Ayaka build
|
Best Childe Build
|
Best Diluc build
|
Best Eula build
|
Best Ganyu build
|
Best Hu Tao build
|
Best Itto build
|
Best Kazuha build
|
Best Klee build
|
Best Kokomi build
|
Best Raiden Shogun build
|
Best Shenhe build
|
Best Yoimiya build
|
Best Yun Jin build
Article continues after ad
More
Genshin Impact
News
Add as a preferred source on Google
Follow on Google News
keep reading
Featured Articles
Gaming
Resident Evil fan transforms hidden Pragmata website into meme page & it’s a must-see
Gaming
Vinland Saga creator’s Minecraft struggles go viral as his kids take over
TV & Movies
Stranger Things: Tales From ’85 soundtrack – all artists and songs
GTA
GTA insiders respond after being “misquoted” over GTA 6 release date rumors
TV & Movies
Michael Jackson biopic star explains why movie ignores sexual assault allegations
Sign up to Dexerto
For The latest News, Views & Reviews
Better Reading Experience
|
Save Your Favourite Items
Sign up