Best Team Compositions For Qiqi In Genshin Impact
By
William Quick
Published
Apr 21, 2022, 3:30 PM EDT
Will Quick is a game player, journalist, and content creator currently living in Spain. He's spent a lot of time working as a video editor and graphic designer for sites like Guide Fall and plans to continue his efforts for TheGamer. When he's not playing or writing, he's drawing comics and making puns.
I've been writing about games and pop culture for over 5 years now with a focus on indie games. Since I started, I've had the opportunity to learn a lot about the industry, conduct research investigations, and most important, interview developers of all sorts. TheGamer is a great platform for me to share my thoughts and ideas while getting a chance to read the writings of others which broaden my perspective.
If I had to pick an expertise, I'd say it would be the diversity and development of independent games. In many ways, access to software like Unreal Engine and Unity has made indie development much more viable with pre-packaged tools like RPG Maker highlighting the creativity of a lot of folks. That being said, there will likely be a huge shift in indie development with Unity's new download fee that will go into effect at the start of 2024. In response, some dev teams will be taking their titles off the market to avoid this fee.
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Who Is Qiqi?
The Best Team For Qiqi
Xingqiu
Rosaria
Beidou
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
A staple in the JRPG genre is that anyone can be a hero, no matter who they are or what they look like. This leads to a lot of party members that are animals, aliens, hybrids, robots, and even young children. However, considering the amount of power the characters of
Genshin Impact
can wield, their ages aren't really a factor when it comes to fighting monsters and saving the world.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best Weapons For Qiqi
This is what led to Qiqi being added to the list of players you can recruit. She has an interesting background, as well as her own, formidable magic power.
Who Is Qiqi?
Genshin Impact is filled with all manner of people and creatures, both natural and supernatural. This becomes very apparent when you realize that
Qiqi is in fact a zombie
. Having perished at only eight years old, Qiqi was revived by a group known as the Adepti,
becoming an apothecary working in Liyue Harbor
.
Despite this, her weapon of choice is a sword, which she combines with her Cryo element. Even though she's built for DPS,
Qiqi's main skills also let her recover health
while in combat — something which can also be applied to whoever is your active party member.
The Best Team For Qiqi
Qiqi is a support DPS with equal parts
attack damage and recovery boost
. This comes into play among your other members through abilities like
Preserver Of Fortune
, which marks enemies with a symbol that lasts during combat. As such, it's good to have a diverse party of characters who can benefit from Qiqi's lasting skills, while also complementing her.
Xingqiu
The sword is one of the most balanced melee weapons, so it's good to have another alongside Qiqi.
Xingqiu
is a great candidate thanks to his
sword skills and Hydro powers
. Since Qiqi is meant to focus on attacking, and can leave marks behind to help with healing, Xingqiu is able to take advantage of this while buffing defenses.
His
Fatal Rainscreen
summons swords to absorb incoming damage, while
Raincutter
increases their number and how they attack. This can benefit both Xingqiu and Qiqi when she decides to take over.
Rosaria
In addition to having another sword wielder, Qiqi can also benefit from having a fellow Cryo-user on the team.
Rosaria
fits the bill perfectly, with
her polearm and Cryo-based attacks
. While Qiqi may be a DPS, her setups allow for Rosaria to fully unleash her attacking power and focus on eliminating enemies quickly.
Her
Ravaging Confession and Rites Of Termination
let her deal heavy damage to single and multiple enemies, while her
Regina Probationum
boosts her Critical Hit Rate — making her even more effective while active.
Beidou
With plenty of Hydro and Cryo on the team, having an Electro party member can really light things up. With that in mind,
Beidou
makes a strong match for Qiqi with
her Electro-based Claymore strikes
. Appearing as an attacker, Beidou can definitely deal heavy damage while also offering a personal defense.
Her
Tidecaller
not only gives her a powered-up attack, but also turns her weapon into a shield so she can absorb damage. She can also chain her Electro–damage between opponents using
Stormbreaker
. This makes Beidou a wise choice to fight together with Qiqi.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: Ascension Materials For Qiqi
Gaming Guides
Live-Service Games
Triple-A Games
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
26.4%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
19.8%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.0%
007 First Light
007 First Light
9.2%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.5%
Other
Other
21.1%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Ubisoft Shoots Down Fears Black Flag Resynced Is More Of An RPG
Microsoft Gaming Is Being Scrapped As Part Of Xbox's Continued Shake Up
Crimson Desert's Patch Notes Solve Most Of My Remaining Issues With The Game - So What's Next?