Contents
show
1
Qiqi Rating and Info
1.1
Stats Lvl 80
2
Best Qiqi Builds
2.1
Best Qiqi Weapons
2.2
Best Qiqi Artifacts
3
Best Qiqi Team Comps
4
Qiqi Skills Talents
4.1
Ancient Sword Art: Normal Attack
4.2
Adeptus Art Herald of Frost: Elemental Skill
4.3
Adeptus Art Preserver of Fortune: Elemental Burst
5
Qiqi Passive Talents
5.1
Life-Prolonging Methods: First Ascension Passive
5.2
A Glimpse into Arcanum: Fourth Ascension Passive
5.3
Former Life Memories: Passive Talent
6
Qiqi Constellations
6.1
Level 1: Ascetics of Frost
6.2
Level 2: Frozen to the Bone
6.3
Level 3: Ascendant Praise
6.4
Level 4: Divine Suppression
6.5
Level 5: Crimson Lotus Bloom
6.6
Level 6: Rite of Resurrection
7
Qiqi Ascension Costs Lvl 90
Qiqi Rating and Info
Rarity:
★★★★★
Specialties:
Healer
Element:
Cryo
Weapon:
Sword
Release Date:
September 28, 2020
Tier List Rating
: A
Stats Lvl 80
HP: 11499
ATK: 267
DEF: 857
Healing Bonus 22.2%
Best Qiqi Builds
Qiqi is one of the healing characters in Genshin Impact. There are a lot of different builds and roles for Qiqi, but most players are using builds for healing. Her skills for healing are decent, but when you compare her to other characters, you will notice that she doesn’t perform that well. Qiqi is the A-tier character in Genshin Impact.
Best Qiqi Weapons
Skyward Blade
CRIT Rate increased by 4/5/6/7/8%. Gains Skypiercing Might upon using an Elemental Burst: Increases Movement SPD by 10%, increases ATK SPD by 10%, and increases the DMG of Normal and Charged Attack hits by 20/25/30/35/40% for 12s.
Sacrificial Sword
After damaging an opponent with an Elemental Skill, the skill has a 40/50/60/70/80% chance to end its own CD. Can only occur once every 30/26/22/18/14s.
Best Qiqi Artifacts
Maiden Beloved
Using an Elemental Skill or Burst increases healing received by all party members by 20% for
Noblesse Oblige
(2) Elemental Burst DMG +20%
(4) Using an Elemental Skill or Burst increases healing received by all party members by 20% for 10s.
Best Qiqi Team Comps
Character 1
Character 2
Character 3
Character 4
Xiao
Venti
Qiqi
Zhongli
Eula
Fischl
Beidou
Qiqi
Kaeya
FIschl
Kuki Shinobu
Qiqi
There are a lot of team comps that you can make in Genshin Impact with Qiqi. We recommend team comps that we think are best for Qiqi. There are a lot of different characters, and there is a high chance that you do not have some of them. So you should create your team comps, test them out, and see what is best for you and your playstyle. With that, you will become better at the game, and you will know how your team works.
Qiqi Skills Talents
Ancient Sword Art: Normal Attack
Normal Attack
Perform up to 5 rapid strikes.
Charged Attack
Consumes a certain amount Stamina to unleash 2 rapid sword strikes.
Plunging Attack
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Adeptus Art Herald of Frost: Elemental Skill
Using the Icevein Talisman, Qiqi brings forth the Herald of Frost, dealing Cryo DMG to surrounding opponents.
Herald of Frost:
On hit, Qiqi’s Normal and Charged Attacks regenerate HP for your own party members and nearby teammates. Healing scales based on Qiqi’s ATK.
Periodically regenerates your active character’s HP.
Follows the character around, dealing Cryo DMG to opponents in their path.
Adeptus Art Preserver of Fortune: Elemental Burst
Qiqi releases the adeptus power sealed within her body, marking nearby opponents with a Fortune-Preserving Talisman that deals Cryo DMG.
Fortune-Preserving Talisman
When opponents affected by this Talisman take DMG, the character that dealt this DMG regenerates HP.
Qiqi Passive Talents
Life-Prolonging Methods: First Ascension Passive
When a character under the effects of Adeptus Art: Herald of Frost triggers an Elemental Reaction, their Incoming Healing Bonus is increased by 20% for 8s.
A Glimpse into Arcanum: Fourth Ascension Passive
When Qiqi hits opponents with her Normal and Charged Attacks, she has a 50% chance to apply a Fortune-Preserving Talisman to them for 6s. This effect can only occur once every 30s.
Former Life Memories: Passive Talent
Displays the location of nearby resources unique to Liyue on the mini-map.
Qiqi Constellations
Level 1: Ascetics of Frost
When the Herald of Frost hits an opponent marked by a Fortune-Preserving Talisman, Qiqi regenerates 2 Energy.
Level 2: Frozen to the Bone
Qiqi’s Normal and Charge Attack DMG against opponents affected by Cryo is increased by 15%.
Level 3: Ascendant Praise
Increases the Level of Adeptus Art: Preserver of Fortune by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4: Divine Suppression
Targets marked by the Fortune-Preserving Talisman have their ATK decreased by 20%.
Level 5: Crimson Lotus Bloom
Increases the Level of Adeptus Art: Herald of Frost by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15
Level 6: Rite of Resurrection
Using Adeptus Art: Preserver of Fortune revives all fallen party members nearby and regenerates 50% of their HP. This effect can only occur once every 15 mins.
Qiqi Ascension Costs Lvl 90
Divining Scroll x 18
Sealed Scroll x 30
Forbidden Curse Scroll x 36
Violetgrass x 168
Hoarfrost Core x 46
Shivada Jade Sliver x 1
Shivada Jade Fragment x 9
Shivada Jade Chunk x 9
Shivada Jade Gemstone x 6