Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Qiqi materials, kit, and Constellations
Ascension and Talent materials for Qiqi.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Guide
by
Jessica Orr
Senior Guides Writer
Published on
Jan. 23, 2025
Follow Genshin Impact
Qiqi
is a 5-Star Cryo character who has been in
Genshin Impact
since the very beginning.
Qiqi is featured as one the boosted 5-Star characters in the the permanent Wanderlust Invocation and Beginners' Banners in
Genshin Impact
, and she has been on the Chronicled Wish Banner. You can also get Qiqi by losing the
50/50 chance
to get a character on their limited-time
Banner
.
If you want to prepare for her, we've listed
Qiqi's Ascension materials
and
Talent materials
so you can level her up to her full potential right away. To understand how you might play her, we've also detailed
Qiqi's kit
and
Constellations
.
On this page:
Qiqi's kit
Qiqi Ascension materials
Qiqi Talent materials
Qiqi Constellations
To see this content please enable targeting cookies.
Manage cookie settings
Qiqi kit
Qiqi is a
5-Star Cryo character who uses a sword
, and keeping in mind that all of the percentages mentioned below are based on Level 1 Skills, here's a summary of
Qiqi's kit in Genshin Impact
:
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Element
: Cryo.
Rarity
: 5-Star.
Weapon
: Sword.
Normal Attack
: Ancient Sword Art.
Elemental Skill
: Adeptus Art - Herald of Frost.
Elemental Burst
: Adeptus Art - Preserver of Fortune.
Passive one
: Life-Prolonging Methods - When a character under the effects of Qiqi's Elemental Skill triggers an Elemental Reaction, their Incoming Healing Bonus is increased by 20% for eight seconds.
Passive two
: A Glimpse Into Arcanum - When Qiqi hits opponents with her normal and charged attacks, she has a 50% chance to apply a Fortune-Preserving Talisman to them for six seconds. This effect can only occur once every 30 seconds.
Passive three
: Former Life Memories - Displays the location of nearby resources unique to Liyue on the mini-map.
Qiqi Normal Attack - Ancient Sword Art
Qiqi performs up to five rapid strikes if tapping the normal attack button. Holding it down instead makes Qiqi consume a certain amount of stamina to unleash two rapid sword strikes.
As with most plunging attacks, Qiqi plunges from mid-air and strikes the ground below for AOE (area of effect) damage on impact.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Qiqi Elemental Skill - Adeptus Art: Preserver of Fortune
Using the Icevein Talisman, Qiqi brings forth the Herald of Frost, dealing Cryo Damage to surrounding opponents.
Herald of Frost
Herald of Frost has the following effects:
On hit, Qiqi's normal and charged attacks regenerate HP for your own party members and nearby teammates. Healing scales based on Qiqi's attack.
Periodically regenerates your active character's HP.
Follows the character around, dealing Cryo Damage to opponents in their path.
Qiqi Elemental Burst - Adeptus Art: Preserver of Fortune
Qiqi releases the adeptus power sealed within her body, marking nearby opponents with a Fortune-Preserving Talisman that deals Cryo Damage When opponents affected by this Fortune-Preserving Talisman take damage, the character that dealt this damage regenerates HP.
Qiqi Talent materials
Tail of Boreas. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
To get the most out of using Qiqi, you will have to level her skills up by using Talent materials, which vary from character-to-character.
For Qiqi, you'll need to farm a lot of Scroll and Prosperity materials (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade her capabilities.
As Qiqi has three Talents, you will have to spend three times the Talent materials listed below to fully upgrade all of her abilities, which we've also detailed below the table.
Here's what Qiqi Talent materials you need to improve one of her abilities:
Qiqi Talent level
Qiqi Talent materials
Mora cost
Level 2
x3 Teachings of Prosperity, x6 Divining Scroll
12,500
Level 3
x2 Guide to Prosperity, x3 Sealed Scroll
17,500
Level 4
x4 Guide to Prosperity, x4 Sealed Scroll
25,000
Level 5
x6 Guide to Prosperity, x6 Sealed Scroll
30,000
Level 6
x9 Guide to Prosperity, x9 Sealed Scroll
37,500
Level 7
x4 Philosophies of Prosperity, x4 Forbidden Curse Scroll, x1 Tail of Boreas
120,000
Level 8
x6 Philosophies of Prosperity, x6 Forbidden Curse Scroll, x1 Tail of Boreas
260,000
Level 9
x12 Philosophies of Prosperity, x9 Forbidden Curse Scroll, x2 Tail of Boreas
450,000
Level 10
x16 Philosophies of Prosperity, x12 Forbidden Curse Scroll, x2 Tail of Boreas, x1 Crown of Insight
700,000
Here's what Talent Materials you'll need to fully upgrade
one
of Qiqi's skills:
x1 Crown of Insight
x3 Teachings of Prosperity
x6 Divining Scroll
x6 Tail of Boreas
x21 Guide to Prosperity
x22 Sealed Scroll
x31 Forbidden Curse Scroll
x38 Philosophies of Prosperity
1,652,500 Mora
To upgrade all
three
of Qiqi's skills, here's all the Talent Materials you'll need:
x3 Crown of Insight
x9 Teachings of Prosperity
x18 Divining Scroll
x18 Tail of Boreas
x63 Guide to Prosperity
x66 Sealed Scroll
x93 Forbidden Curse Scroll
x114 Philosophies of Prosperity
4,957,500 Mora
Version 6.4 Phase 2 sees the returning 5-Star
Skirk
and a rerun of
Escoffier
. 

So don't forget to redeem
new codes
for
Primogems
to help pull them, and check out our regularly updated
tier list
.

You need luck from the
Pity and 50/50 systems
to
Wish with Fate
for characters on
Banners
, and you always need the right
Adventure Rank
for events.

Elsewhere, we have
tips and tricks for beginners
.
Qiqi Ascension materials
Violetgrass. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Just like Talents, you need to use Qiqi Ascension materials to upgrade her health, attack, defence, and critical hit effectiveness.
You'll need to farm a lot of
Violetgrass
and Scroll materials for Qiqi (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade her capabilities.
Unlike Talent materials, you only need to spend the below Ascension materials once to fully raise Qiqi to her highest character level. There is also Acquaint Fate rewarded for reaching certain Ascension levels. You can spend this Fate on the
standard and beginner Banners
to Wish for characters and weapons.
Here's what Qiqi Ascension materials and Mora you need to upgrade her for each Ascension level:
Qiqi Ascension level
Qiqi Ascension materials
Mora cost
Ascension reward
Level 20
x1 Shivada Jade Sliver, x3 Violetgrass, x3 Divining Scroll
20,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 40
x3 Shivada Jade Fragment, x2 Hoarfrost Core, x10 Violetgrass, x15 Divining Scroll
40,000
None
Level 50
x6 Shivada Jade Fragment, x4 Hoarfrost Core, x20 Violetgrass, x12 Sealed Scroll
60,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 60
x3 Shivada Jade Chunk, x8 Hoarfrost Core, x30 Violetgrass, x18 Sealed Scroll
80,000
None
Level 70
x6 Shivada Jade Chunk, x12 Hoarfrost Core, x45 Violetgrass, x12 Forbidden Curse Scroll
100,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 80
x6 Shivada Jade Gemstone, x20 Hoarfrost Core, x60 Violetgrass, x24 Forbidden Curse Scroll
120,000
None
In total, here's
all the Ascension Materials
you need for Qiqi in Genshin Impact:
x1 Shivada Jade Sliver
x6 Shivada Jade Gemstone
x9 Shivada Jade Fragment
x9 Shivada Jade Chunk
x18 Divining Scroll
x30 Sealed Scroll
x36 Forbidden Curse Scroll
x46 Hoarfrost Core
x168
Violetgrass
420,000 Mora
Qiqi Constellations
By getting duplicates of Qiqi from wishing on Banners, you will receive her Stella Fortuna. This material allows you to unlock Constellation levels, with each upgrade either improving an existing Talent or Passive ability.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Here are all of
Qiqi's Constellations in Genshin Impact
:
Ascetics of Frost (C1)
: When the Herald of Frost hits an opponent marked by a Fortune-Preserving Talisman, Qiqi regenerates two Energy.
Frozen to the Bone (C2)
: Qiqi's normal and charge attack damage against opponents affected by Cryo is increased by 15%.
Ascendant Praise (C3)
: Increases the Level of Qiqi's Elemental Burst by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Divine Suppression (C4)
: Targets marked by the Fortune-Preserving Talisman have their attack decreased by 20%.
Crimson Lotus Bloom (C5)
:  Increases the Level of Qiqi's Elemental Skill by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Rite of Resurrection (C6)
: Using Qiqi's Elemental Burst revives all fallen party members nearby and regenerates 50% of their HP. This effect can only occur once every 15 minutes.
Good luck levelling up Qiqi in Genshin Impact!