Qiqi Genshin Impact Complete Guide: Rare Facts, Best Build, How To Earn Her
Harsha
-
Aug 17, 2021
|
Mobile Games
Do you know Qiqi is a zombie? She may have a history that one can hardly expect from an innocent-looking character like her.
All Noctilucous Jade Locations In Genshin Impact Guide
Genshin Impact Stellar Reunion Event Details & Rewards
How To Defeat Electro Hypostasis In Genshin Impact
With a striking roster of characters, Genshin Impact embraces a whole lot of versatility when it comes to character builds. Usually ranking as an S-tier name, Qiqi is a tad special for the fact that she is a healer with great attack stats.
Although
Qiqi Genshin Impact
has a seemingly innocent look and a helpful nature, she seems to have her own share of secrets and facts that players might have not known of. See how you can make the most out of this character and the most surprising facts below.
Table of Contents
Genshin Impact Qiqi facts
Qiqi Genshin Impact talents
Qiqi Genshin Impact build
How to get Qiqi in Genshin Impact
How old is Qiqi Genshin Impact? What's her best build and how to get her? We have had all of those questions covered.
Genshin Impact Qiqi facts
Qiqi is a mysterious character first introduced during the main story. At the first look, she strikes an impression as a little girl helping out in the pharmacy. She also usually gets confused and is obsessed with coconut milk.
1. How old is Qiqi Genshin Impact?
One of the most frequently asked questions about this playable character is her actual age. According to the game, Qiqi is biologically 8 years old and chronologically 100+.
Qiqi’s true age was a little of a myth due to the fact that she was transformed into a zombie more than a hundred years ago. Since then, her body has not changed and she remains young forever.
2. Is Qiqi rare Genshin Impact?
For those who quiz about Qiqi’s rarity, she is indeed among the rarest characters to get in Genshin Impact. Her combination of cryo and sword make her a fatally cute addition to one’s party.
Qiqi is a rare and eternal character who has a mysterious back story.
Qiqi Genshin Impact talents
The best build for Qiqi Genshin Impact will be revealed after we have got to the bottom of her skills and talents.
1. Normal Attack: Ancient Sword Art
With her Normal Attack, Qiqi can deal 5 rapid strikes cap. She can also consume a specific Stamina amount to perform 2 rapid sword strikes at Charged.
2. Elemental Skill: Adeptus Art: Herald of Frost
The zombie girl uses the Icevein Talisman to offer the Herald of Frost that deals Cryo DMG to surrounding foes.
She impresses all gamers with not just her healing but also attack stats.
3. Elemental Burst: Adeptus Art: Preserver of Fortune
Qiqi unleashes the Adeptus power in her body, marking opponents close by with a Fortune-Preserving Talisman, dealing Cryo DMG.
Each time Qiqi uses an Elemental Burst on the battlefield, it would make all members of the team regenerate health for 2 to 6 seconds.
4. Passive skills
Life-Prolonging Methods
A Glimpse into Arcanum
Former Life Memories
Collected Miscellany - "Qiqi: Fortune-Preserving Talisman"｜Genshin Impact
Qiqi Genshin Impact build
Qiqi often appears at the top rank for Genshin Impact character tier lists thanks to her good healing as well as attack stats.
While she is already incredibly stalwart, we still have optimal ways to get Qiqi even stronger.
1. Qiqi's best weapons
Talking about weapons, the most ideal sword for the forever-young girl is
Skyward Blade
which is also great for building
Albedo
or
Bennett
. It can increase her SPD, DMG, ATK SPD, and damage from her charged attacks. However, it is quite rare being a 5-star weapon.
You can find a good substitution in the form of
Fillet Blade
. The 3-star sword brings forward a 50 percent chance to hit foes for 400% more damage.
Fillet Blade can be an alternative if you can't get a Skyward Blade.
2. Qiqi's best artifacts
Bearing in mind that she is mainly a healer, you can equip Qiqi with the Artifacts that give a boost to her healing stats. That is why the
Exile Artifacts set
is the most matching for this.
Exile Artifacts set not only enhances her ATK but also offers healing bonuses. Players will not have to sacrifice Qiqi's mammoth attack to improve the healing.
Not exaggerating at all, Exile Artifacts is the best of both worlds.
The optimal artifact set to pair with Qiqi must be Exile Artifacts.
3. Qiqi's best team
As the game does not hand users a starter character with incredible healing abilities, it is inevitable to acquire one. This is specifically important later during the game as your opponents will get stronger and toss out more challenges. Qiqi is among the best
Genshin Impact healers
, which is why many players want her in their team comp.
Qiqi can play both as a healer and a DPS, so this is our recommendation for her best party:
Sub-DPS/Heal: Qiqi
Support: Bennett,
Venti
, Amber,
Fischl
Damage: Diluc,
Xiangling
Those who have both Venti and Qiqi on their team may be the luckiest players in Genshin Impact considering how rare they are.
How to get Qiqi in Genshin Impact
As she is so rare and the number of people dying to have her is not small, the real challenge is getting Qiqi to begin with.
Currently, we have three ways to get Qiqi:
Make a Wish with Acquaint Fate from Wish Menu
Make a Wish with Intertwined Fate from Wish Menu
Purchase Qiqi from Paimon’s Bargains (only when available)
Currently, players can only gain Qiqi from in-game gacha pulls.
What is worth noting is Qiqi has yet been seen in any special event banner at the moment. Although you may not have the chance to pull her using Intertwined or Acquaint Fate right now, this can change in the future.
So make sure to check in with every game event in order not to miss out. You can stay up-to-date with our regular news and guides on
Gurugamer.com
.
>>> Related post:
Osial Genshin Impact: Boss Details, Quest, And How To Defeat
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
#Genshin Impact Guide
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025