Written by: Sir_pick_the_prick#2209 & EggsD#9603
Consulted with: EvaRia#7777
Updated for Version 2.6
An apprentice and herb gatherer at Bubu Pharmacy. “Blessed” by the adepti with a body that cannot die, this petite zombie cannot do anything without first giving herself orders to do it. Qiqi’s memory is like a sieve. Out of necessity, she always carries around a notebook in which she writes anything important that she is sure to forget later. But on her worst days, she even forgets to look at her notebook…
Official Genshin Website
Rarity: 5-Star
Element: Cryo
Weapon Type: Sword
Table of Contents
Introduction
Infographic
Pros and Cons of Qiqi
Talents
Constellations
Comps
Qiqi the General Healer
Qiqi the Superconduct Support
Qiqi the Taser Driver
Comparison to other good units in the same slot
Qiqi the Permafreeze Carry
Introduction
Qiqi is a 5-star sword user that fills the spot of a hybrid DPS/Healer unit, being able to amplify both DMG and Healing effects via ATK stat. Her ability to deal consistent, though mediocre damage while able to apply high value of healing to the whole team makes her a great asset to her team survivability and decent DMG upkeep. Later on, her passives will even provide more opportunities for healing and higher healing values.
However, it is to be noted that Qiqi has higher highs, but lower lows. In this case, Qiqi’s DMG and healing potential shared by one stat is balanced out by zero energy generation paired with long skill and burst cooldown compared to other characters. In addition, her cryo application is relatively subpar considering the cooldown times of the skills and burst (but still available to use off-field).
Such circumstances put Qiqi at a conflicting position: where she is trying to contest against other DPS units, while seeking perfect healing opportunities with the long cooldowns. However, when scenarios work out for her, she is able to pull off clutch situations to bring the team back from ruin.
Infographic
Credits to: icedsquid, mocha_biscuit, haafr, and KQM staff
Pros and Cons of Qiqi
POV: You lost the 50/50
Qiqi is seen as an unlucky unit, the 5* to avoid at all costs. Players at 50/50 make gallows humor of rolling Qiqi instead of the banner unit. However, Qiqi does have niches where she shines, even if those are rare. Qiqi’s main benefit is that she requires little to no building to heal, and so in early game situations or in situations where you do not have a coherent team, Qiqi can stand in for an entire required role of the team.
Qiqi’s main criticism is that unlike other healers, like Bennett, Diona or Jean, she doesn’t pull double duty. Other healers give utility such as 4vv, ttds, ATK buffs, cleansing, shields or batterying, while Qiqi does not appear to do anything. However, Qiqi does have decent autos, which while not that much significant damage by itself, can fill gaps in rotations, or enable on-hit abilities. Whether these benefits are as good as other healers is debatable, but they can make Qiqi more than just a benched unit.
Finally, Qiqi is a very comfy character, as her heals are very strong. It is difficult to die when she is on your team. Therefore, even in situations where on paper she is a damage loss, making the player more at ease and less stressed can lead to better performance in practice, leading to cleaner clears due to less panic.
Talents
Normal Attack
Elemental Skill
Elemental Burst
1st Ascension Passive
4th Ascension Passive
Utility Passive
Normal Attack
Normal Attack: Ancient Sword Art
Description
Normal Attack
Perform up to 5 rapid strikes.
Charged Attack
Consumes a certain amount Stamina to unleash 2 rapid sword strikes.
Plunging Attack
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing
AoE
DMG upon impact.
Qiqi strikes nearby enemies with her sword, doing Physical damage. In all comps where she is the driver, this is the most significant part of her kit, and is surprisingly versatile for her character in general.
Strengths and Weaknesses
Strengths
Weaknesses
Fast auto combo, direct boon in driver Qiqi teams and in teams where activating her A4 is essential.
Low Motion Value (MV) combo, hard to translate attacks into big amounts of damage, is too slow for normal combos, leading to unideal combo strings.
Elemental Skill
Skill: Adeptus Art: Herald of Frost
Description
Using the Icevein Talisman, Qiqi brings forth the Herald of Frost, dealing
Cryo DMG
to surrounding opponents.
Herald of Frost
On hit, Qiqi’s Normal and Charged Attacks regenerate HP for your own party members and nearby teammates. Healing scales based on Qiqi’s ATK.
Periodically regenerates your active character’s HP.
Follows the character around, dealing
Cryo DMG
to opponents in their path.
Qiqi summons a Herald, dealing initial Cryo damage to surrounding enemies. The Herald is a lingering turret that hovers around the player, dealing 9 ticks of damage before disappearing. An important point to note is that the herald has an Internal Cooldown (ICD) between applications of Cryo aura, and the ICD is shared between the Skill’s initial cast and the following hits.
Strengths and Weaknesses
Strengths
Weaknesses
The healing of the Herald is very significant, capable of healing characters from very low HP to full in a matter of seconds.
Heal ticks can be generated by either a damage tick from the Herald, or from a Normal Attack from Qiqi.
While the heal ticks generated by the Herald only heals the party member on-field, the heal ticks generated by Qiqi’s Normal Attacks heals the entire party.
Long duration, thus a very potent long-duration Cryo aura generator.
The Herald generates no Energy, which is very detrimental to Qiqi especially given her high Burst cost.
The damage of the Herald is not very good, especially for a damage-over-time skill. Furthermore, only 57% of it can be Reverse Melted due to its ICD.
The duration of Qiqi’s Skill is 15 seconds, while the cooldown is 30 seconds. Thus, Qiqi has significant periods of downtime between her healing periods if using Skill alone to heal her teammates.
Elemental Burst
Burst: Adeptus Art: Preserver of Fortune
Description
Qiqi releases the adeptus power sealed within her body, marking nearby opponents with a Fortune-Preserving Talisman that deals
Cryo DMG
.
Fortune-Preserving Talisman
When opponents affected by this Talisman take DMG, the character that dealt this DMG regenerates HP.
Qiqi strikes nearby enemies, doing Cryo damage, and marks them with a Fortune-Preserving Talisman similar to the one applied by her A4, healing the active character whenever the marked enemy takes damage.
Strengths and Weaknesses
Strengths
Weaknesses
The singular Burst hit is entirely Cryo, allowing it to be entirely Reverse Melted.
The Talisman heal is also very significant, roughly 25% more potent than a heal tick from Qiqi’s Herald of Frost, and can easily carry a team back from the brink.
The talisman also lingers for 15 seconds, allowing all teammates to heal themselves up even from damage that they sustained after Qiqi’s Burst has been used.
Benefits certain units who lose damage from being swapped out to heal, such as Razor or Xiao, to heal up even while dealing massive damage.
Qiqi’s Skill does not generate Energy and her Burst costs 80 energy. Using it consistently is impossible, even with significant Energy Recharge.
This renders it impossible to utilize Qiqi’s ’s Burst in a normal sustained rotation without severe alterations to team composition. This thus forces Qiqi into a single rotation Burst damage situation if Burst support.
The Burst damage is not very good when compared to other 80 cost Bursts. The animation time for the Burst is very long, often causing Qiqi’s Burst to be an overall dip in DPS when comparing to the use of the carry during that same period instead, especially when you factor in the Energy Recharge required.
Qiqi’s A4 Talent also functions in the same niche this Burst does, quick and efficient healing. It also requires no Energy, lower field time, and only has the singular drawback of a longer cooldown and shorter duration, neither of which is important as the Burst is difficult to produce on time and off cooldown.
Her Burst Talisman healing only affects Qiqi, and does not heal her party, leaving them at risk when they have to swap on to Normal Attack.
Overall, it is not ideal to factor Qiqi’s Burst into any considerations of rotation, due to multiple Energy and damage issues making it non-ideal in most scenarios. Instead, it should be considered a panic button to be used when the team is taking a significant amount of damage and both Qiqi’s skill and A4 is on cooldown. However, the Talisman’s long duration (15 seconds) makes it perfect for covering Qiqi’s downtime in such scenarios.
1st Ascension Passive
Ascension 1 Talent: Life-Prolonging Methods
Description
When a character under the effects of Adeptus Art: Herald of Frost triggers an Elemental Reaction, their Incoming Healing Bonus is increased by 20% for 8s.
Good to have when the healing received is simply insufficient to meet the demands, such as when you are taking massive damage. Do note that the on-field character has to trigger an Elemental Reaction to activate it, however, some on-field DPSes who does not trigger Elemental Reactions themselves will not be able to benefit from this talent.
4th Ascension Passive
Ascension 4 Talent: A Glimpse into Arcanum
Description
When Qiqi hits opponents with her Normal and Charged Attacks, she has a 50% chance to apply a Fortune-Preserving Talisman to them for 6s. This effect can only occur once every 30s.
This Talent is far and away the best Talent in Qiqi’s repertoire and can function in place of Qiqi’s Burst in situations that require massive healing, due to scaling identically to the mark placed on enemies by her Burst. However, due to a comparatively decreased duration and increased cooldown, it is not feasible to accurately account for it in most rotations. This Talent does not snap-shot.
Utility Passive
Innate talent: Former Life Memories
Description
Displays the location of nearby resources unique to Liyue on the mini-map.
A useful talent for farming resources, especially considering the rarity of Qiqi’s Ascension materials. However, note that it is strictly outclassed by
the genshin interactive map
.
Constellations
Constellation 1
Constellation 2
Constellation 3
Constellation 4
Constellation 5
Constellation 6
Constellation 1
C1: Ascetics of Frost
Description
When the Herald of Frost hits an opponent marked by a Fortune-Preserving Talisman, Qiqi regenerates 2 Energy.
This Constellation is difficult to evaluate because while the Energy refund is very valuable, Qiqi’s Burst cannot be properly evaluated in normal calculations due to its massive Energy deficit and low MV causing it to be difficult to justify in most team comps.
Do note that due to duration problems, when the Fortune-Preserving Talisman is generated by Qiqi’s A4, she will only benefit from 4 times of this per use of Burst and A4 together, leading to 8 Energy per use of her skill. Factoring the extended duration of the Talisman via Burst, Qiqi benefits from 9 times of C1 per Burst, for 18 Energy. Overall, Qiqi gains 26 Energy after using her Burst and two times of her Skill. This is decent for the uptime of her Burst, but given her massive range of healing abilities, it should not be needed.
It is also important to note that this Constellation depends on the doubling up of healing abilities, namely Qiqi’s Talisman (requiring either her Burst or A4) and Skill at the same time. Attempting to utilize this Constellation leaves you with a massive downtime in Qiqi’s healing abilities, leading to very dangerous situations in that time unless Qiqi’s Burst is available. Do note that in these scenarios, Qiqi’s Burst would not be available as the use of Qiqi’s A4 and Skill concurrently is to generate Energy for the Burst to be available.
Constellation 2
C2: Frozen to the Bone
Description
Qiqi’s Normal and Charge Attack DMG against opponents affected by
Cryo
is increased by 15%.
This Constellation is not very good at all. Due to its only buff being to Qiqi’s own Normal and Charged Attacks, it already limits the range of application to Physical on-field DPS Qiqi, and given that Qiqi’s application is sporadic at best, the uptime that such a Qiqi would have on this buff given an Electro off-field DPS is very low.
Constellation 3
C3: Ascendant Praise
Description
Increases the Level of Adeptus Art: Preserver of Fortune by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
A Skill upgrade. Given her Skill is mostly used for utility, and has none that scales with its Level, this is an L and a half, especially given it’s a 5* Constellation.
Constellation 4
C4: Divine Suppression
Description
Targets marked by the Fortune-Preserving Talisman have their ATK decreased by 20%.
A useful Constellation that covers one of Qiqi’s weaknesses in utility, that her teammates can still be one-shotted even if her healing is overwhelmingly high. This Constellation not only allows units to more safely enter the field after Qiqi has used her Burst, but also allows Qiqi to provide a timeframe of relative safety for on-field DPSes using her A4. However, note that the imperfect uptime on Qiqi’s Talismans can lead to imperfect uptime on this Constellation.
Constellation 5
C5: Crimson Lotus Bloom
Description
Increases the Level of Adeptus Art: Herald of Frost by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Getting this Constellation is an event worthy of puking blood. Good thing you have your C5 Qiqi to heal you up.
Constellation 6
C6: Rite of Resurrection
Description
Using Adeptus Art: Preserver of Fortune revives all fallen party members nearby and regenerates 50% of their HP.
This effect can only occur once every 15 mins.
This Constellation is without many caveats, as it allows the player to recover from any mistake as long as Qiqi’s Burst is available. However, it does not provide any direct damage increases, or returns Energy lost from dying for the team, so a team whose rotation is delayed due to lack of Energy will still be behind rotation schedule even if they averted a team wipe due to Qiqi, and so it may still just be more optimal to reset if you have to resurrect more than 1 teammate who is dependent to a significant extent on their Burst.
Comps
Qiqi the General Healer
This is more of an emergency button build for players who need high team healing when things are getting rough. Going all in Qiqi’s healing capabilities make it nearly impossible to die unless you are hit by a one-shot attack. While rarely the most optimal choice damage-wise, it is extremely comfy to play and is recommended if you already can clear DPS checks and simply want a smoother experience.
That’s it. She’s a full healer. She’s more a flex than anything
Artifacts
ATK/ATK/ATK is ideal here, although the main stats do not matter since Qiqi’s healing is overkill. Fav Sword runs ATK/ATK/Crit, and 2 berserkers set.
Artifact Set
Rationale
4 Ocean Hued Clam
Adds significant damage from Qiqi, allowing her to deal large damage in her own right. Best option by far, and particularly good if you have to already grind for a 4 Husk of Opulent Dreams set for someone else. If using this set use ATK/ATK/Heal%. Sac Sword is ideal to maximise uptime.
4 Instructors
Only works if Qiqi can trigger a reaction with decent consistency, and the team benefits off of EM. 125 em can be really significant in the right comp and can make up somewhat for the damage Qiqi herself lacks in this role.
4 Tenacity of the Millenith
Only works if you are able to stay at melee range or properly snapshot the buff. Qiqi can provide 20% ATK for the team, which isn’t insignificant.
4 Maidens / 2 Maidens 2 Gladiator’s Finale
The only caveat-less option, but also possesses no team buff ability. This works if you don’t really need any of the above buffs and want a smoother run.
Disclaimer
The main stats and sub stats of Qiqi, due to her scaling providing sufficient healing regardless of investment, are mostly irrelevant. Therefore, if you use Qiqi in your team in this capacity, you should prioritise set bonuses over anything else.
Weapons
The weapon choice of Qiqi in this situation is mostly irrelevant, as most of them are simply varying degrees of ATK% in the specific case of Qiqi, with no real significant difference. For the cheapest option, go for prototype rancour or the flute, although any levelled weapon works.
However, if you are using a set whose bonus is triggered on ‘triggering a reaction’ or ‘hitting an enemy with your skill’, Sac Sword is ideal here to supply more healing opportunities as well as having better uptime on said buffs. Alternatively, Qiqi can use Fav Sword to decrease the er requirement of teammates, directly translating to more damage.
Qiqi the Superconduct
Support
Due to Qiqi’s long skill uptime of 15 seconds, as well as Superconduct’s long duration of 12 seconds, it is possible to extend Qiqi’s SC uptime to 27 seconds. This can be seen in the case of a Razor carry comp. While we are not the best people to explain it, we recommend you to check out
our Razor guide
instead to find out more.
Qiqi the Taser Driver
A highly synergistic comp. Qiqi is good here because her attacks are fast and thus cause Beidou’s burst to generate more discharges. As Beidou’s discharges are generated only after a fixed ICD and cannot be buffered (commanded to generate before the ICD ends), the timing of each auto-attack of Beidou’s driver is absolutely essential, and Qiqi does that perfectly.
Teammates
Qiqi
Beidou
Fischl
Flex
The fuel that powers this engine. Qiqi’s autoattacks are uniquely suited to bringing out the maximum damage capable from Beidou’s burst.
The engine. Beidou is a unique character who has a massive amount of latent power in her kit but requires a very significant number of requirements to be met to achieve her full potential.
Fischl produces a massive number of particles for beidou to use in this comp. Furthermore, her c6 synergises very well with Qiqi, due to Qiqi having very fast normals.
This space in the comp is reserved for units with high damage and low field time requirements.
In this specific case, it is optimal to use n2j as Qiqi’s melee cancel above all else, as this combo when executed perfectly is exactly the duration of Beidou’s discharge ICD (Internal Cooldown Duration), thus generating the maximum number of discharges possible.
Flexible Options:
Xingqiu:
Extremely good option for his swords that also proc on autoattacks just like Fischl c6. Furthermore, opens the door to EC, which is inconsistent but at minimum an appreciable amount of damage.
Albedo:
Decent option for his extremely low field time, allowing Qiqi to spend more time on field to in turn enable Beidou to a greater extent. Produces crystallise shields which can prevent minor chip damage.
Kazuha:
One of the best options in general for a Beidou driver comp. Does significant personal damage through his swirls, and can buff Beidou to incredible heights both through using 4VV and his A4.
Sara:
an electro analogue to Bennett. While her c6 buff does not snapshot on Beidou, her personal damage is still decent and her buff is nothing to scoff at. She also unbinds the comp from the mandatory field time Bennett requires to self battery. Her generation with sac bow is close to Fischl’s if she uses Skill > Burst > Skill, swap funnels to Beidou and later in the rotation uses e and swap funnels to Beidou again.
Bennett:
Another contender for BIS. His burst buffs Beidou burst by an incredible amount, and he does have the option of also driving Beidou through a 4tf set. Qiqi is still useful here though as she does not cause overload, and thus will not throw back lighter enemies. Do note that if Bennett is not the carry, he will need both ER and field time to regain his burst.
Barbara:
As a ttds bot, she can increase Beidou’s damage significantly. Additionally, her Skill enables EC, and as a unit with no fixed set she can use the 4 set instructor set to buff the team’s EM, thus increasing the EC damage the team deals.
Ganyu:
An acceptable burstbot, and although it would be optimal for Ganyu to just carry the team with Mona instead, burst Ganyu still has significant damage.
Rosaria:
An excellent mix of subdps and utility, Rosaria has decent subdps ability as well as a crit rate buff that increases the damage the entire team can deal. Furthermore, she generates cryo energy which Qiqi appreciates, if you depend on her burst a lot to cover her downtime.
Kaeya:
An alternative to Rosaria.
Other:
Any reasonably self sufficient low field time sub dps should be able to fit here reasonably well. Failing that, you could bring in any anemo unit with 4VV or any unit capable of using ttds.
Artifact sets
Qiqi uses ATK sands, physical damage goblet and crit/crit damage circlet. Prioritise Crit rate /Crit Damage in a 1:2 ratio.
Artifact Set
Rationale
4 Ocean Hued Clam
Qiqi gains about all the damage she would have gained from an entire rotation in one use of her skill and attacking on field, allowing her to do one more rotation of damage per rotation. The biggest tragedy is the limitation that her skill can only be used once every two rotations. Therefore, to maximise your damage, use Sac Sword when using this set. Additionally, use ATK/ATK/Heal% instead.
2 Pale Flame/2 Bloodstained Chivalry
OR
4 Pale Flame
Maximises Qiqi’s Physical damage from her normals. However, note that the output of this set at best is half of the above’s at incredible levels of investment, and falls off even further when considering lower levels of investment.
4 Tenacity of the Millenith
OR
4 Instructors
Sets to maximise Qiqi’s team contributions, in the form of buffs. Note that both sets are hindered by Qiqi’s skill uptime issues, and that even if taken care of by Sac Sword, she will still likely contribute less team damage than if she had used 4 Ocean Hued Clam.
Disclaimer
Qiqi’s main benefit to the team is her ability to auto attack at an incredibly quick rate. Her personal damage is actually a really tiny share of the teams’, around ~10% depending on the last unit. As such, the main stats and sub stats of the artifacts themselves are really not important, either because the set itself sabotages Qiqi’s damage already (4ins, 4tom), or because it is simply more resin efficient to invest into your teammates’ damage instead (4pf, 2glad2pf, 4glad). Qiqi driver’s artifacts should be the same level of priority as a support’s artifacts (that is to say, low) and the main priority should be getting the correct sets. Offsets that break set bonuses are rarely, if ever, a good idea.
Weapons
From a pure damage standpoint, here are the weapon rankings. Calcs done with 4ToM.
However, Qiqi makes the comparison more difficult, as her damage is only around 15% of the team’s total damage. As such, even a jump from the effective bottom of the list to the top is only a gain of 9% total DPS. As such, the ranking of Qiqi weapons is much less concerned with the actual damage increase and more concerned with the benefits the weapon gives to Qiqi’s team. Note that this is an analysis made at a decent Qiqi investment. As such, if you use a barely built Qiqi, teammate-buffing weapons (like Sac Sword or Fav Sword) would favour your team better than personal damage increasing swords. Here are the recommendations:
Disclaimer
With Ocean Hued Clam, Qiqi’s damage has been heightened significantly. However, it is also important to note that the variation across weapon have decreased significantly, when in regards to Ocean Hued Clam. As such, the only significant weapon of note in this circumstance is Sac Sword. Following that, any sword will do, although Black Sword is also pretty ideal. As such, the following lists above and below are written in the context of any Qiqi not using Ocean Hued Clam.
Aquila, PJC, Summit Shaper and Mistsplitter
All very good stat sticks. While it gives Qiqi no buffing ability, its ability to increase Qiqi’s personal damage output to something halfway respectable is appreciated. While it would be recommended to give Aquila to a unit that can utilise it to greater effect (Bennett, for instance), it’s fine to give Aquila to Qiqi if you somehow have given something of equal worth to every unit of greater priority.
Favonius Sword
While it is the actual lowest weapon on the personal damage chart, the fact that Qiqi’s personal damage is insignificant works to its favour. Fav Sword’s generation, combined with Qiqi’s long field time, means that the passive of this sword will proc very often. As such, if you are able to adjust your team ER to the absolute minimum distribution possible with Fav Sword, this is on par with even Aquila. This makes it a highly unorthodox but effective option if played optimally.
Lion’s Roar, Black Sword, Prototype Rancour
They are excellent 4* options providing good damage, although Lion’s Roar’s passive is only valid in this specific comp, and Black Sword’s healing ability is overkill. Any of these 3 are highly recommended due to being in the sweet spot of having a  low opportunity cost and high damage.
Sacrificial Sword
While also incredibly low on the personal damage chart, Sac Sword is capable of generating double the superconducts, which, in a Fischl comp, will activate double the Fischl a4s. This increases the team’s damage to an extent. Additionally, the extra heal uptime is very nice, and the increased e uptime can drastically change the optimal sets Qiqi uses, making sets such as 4tom have greater relevance even at high investments. Additionally, this is just about the best option for 4 Ocean Hued Clam Qiqi, which is in turn the best option for Qiqi in this scenario.
The Flute
Definitely worse than Rancour in damage, but it comes with 20% more total ATK, even after optimization, which directly translates to more healing. Very much a comfort pick.
All the other swords on the list
Rancour is a few swords above this, go and use that instead.
Comparison to other good units in the same slot
Units
Benefits over Qiqi
Drawbacks vs Qiqi
Zhongli
Identical in enabling ability to Qiqi, gets both a shield and omnishred on top of that.
Qiqi is very niche and has little to do outside specific teams. Zhongli is wanted everywhere. Qiqi is much more free to perform this job than Zhongli.
Barbara
Build-wise identical to a Barbara in the fourth slot, and as such saves an extra slot for another Sub-Dps
Can equip 4-piece Instructor and ttds at minor damage loss (she does tiny damage, similar to Qiqi without Clam) and can enable EC reactions at heightened damage levels
Does not break pity
Has no good support sets outside of 4Ins, as she is unable to use 4ToM
Unable to proc Beidou at increased speeds, thus losing significant team damage
Can be easily frozen which is a dps loss, and subsequently killed which is also a dps loss
Sucrose
Can equip ttds and 4vv to dramatically increase team damage
Low auto damage can be easily replaced with high Elemental Mastery for massive swirl damage
Has CC ability
Does not break pity
Unable to proc Beidou at increased speeds, thus losing significant team damage
Cannot heal team, which can be debilitating if you did not take a healer for the 4th slot and are not a very good player
Personal damage directly affected by Beidou, loses significant personal damage due to the other Sub-Dps in the team. Sucrose carry is a very intimidating team, but Beidou is not ideal in that scenario.
Highly contested support, Qiqi is much more free
Kazuha
A Viridescent Venerer user, can dramatically increase team damage
A4 buffs teammates and directly buffs his own swirl damage
Good cc
limited 5* and highly contested
Drops even more Beidou discharges than Sucrose, not ideal
Not a healer, might be problematic if slot 4 is not a healer
Bennett
Massive buffing ability
4tf gives him significant personal damage on top of stupidly high team damage
4tf syncs perfectly with Beidou’s burst procs as well
Using Bennett is a major opportunity cost
Overload can knock back enemies and lose Beidou procs from chasing
Circle impact leads to low versatility against enemies who are highly mobile
Qiqi the Permafreeze Carry
Permafreeze carrying relies on the 4pc Blizzard Strayer and Cryo resonance to invest heavily on critical damage and ATK on her own gear. With a hopping 55% crit rate boost, Qiqi can comfortably make a high crit damage build without any repercussions.
There are two methods to build the Permafreeze Carry: Physical and Cryo. The Physical perma-freeze build simply auto attacks as normal, while the cryo perma-freeze build uses the cryo field Chongyun creates for Qiqi to deal cryo damage. Qiqi uses the n2cj combo in this team.
As a disclaimer, Qiqi is not an optimal pick for this team. However, she is most definitely the most comfortable unit in the slot.
Teammates
Permafreeze Phys
Permafreeze Cryo
Qiqi
Kaeya/Rosaria
if Physical Qiqi
or Chongyun i
f Cryo Qiqi
Xingqiu
Flex
The carry of the comp.
Kaeya and Rosaria both have high burst damage but mediocre to bad auto attacks, which Qiqi can easily gap fill for.
Chongyun is the current sole possible enabler for Cryo Qiqi.
The freeze enabler. If Xingqiu is unavailable, Barbara can suffice with ttds, but the hydro application can be sporadic and unreliable.
Flex
Flex Options:
Bennett: As long as he does not melt too often, he will be a net gain by providing an excellent attack buff for the team.
Barbara: If you can’t use Xingqiu, you can use Barbara for the close proximity hydro application.
Zhongli: While his resistance shred is very useful for more damage, players must make sure his geo pillars are not placed close to permafreeze as it will shatter.
Kujou Sara: One instance of electro can provide a small superconduct to shred Phy resistance alongside her ATK buff, which is helpful for phy permafreeze Qiqi. Her electro application rate is not too detrimental to freeze comps.
Kazuha: Works best with the Cryo perma freeze build, although he still is very potent in the Phy permafreeze comp. He will increase the cryo damage for Qiqi inside the Chongyun cryo field. Other than that his 4-VV application will still increase the overall team damage due to increasing the damage of Qiqi’s offield dpses.
Aloy: Aloy can be used as a quick swap burst DPS and coil damage to take advantage of the permafreeze situation
Mona: Her omen and burst provides higher damage windows and hydro application against the enemies
Other: any unit with 4VV can suffice here, or failing that any ttds 4NO user or low field time high damage unit which doesn’t significantly mess up freeze.
Artifact Sets
Qiqi builds ATK sands, physical/cryo goblet and crit/crit damage circlet. Prioritise ATK%.
Artifact Set
Rationale
4 Ocean Hued Clam
Massive damage allowing qiqi to deal double the amount she would normally deal.
There is no alternative for this set.
Weapons