Ororon is a four-star Electro bow user who belongs to the Masters of the Night-Wind Tribe in Natlan. He won't be released until Genshin Impact's Version 5.2 update, but you can farm for a lot of his Ascension and Talent materials in advance.
Recommended Videos
Table of Contents
Genshin Impact Ororon level-up, Talent, & Ascension materials
Ororon Level-up cost
Ororon Ascension materials & cost
Ororon's Talent level-up materials & cost
More Posts from PGG
Genshin Impact Ororon level-up, Talent, & Ascension materials
The information below is based on leaks shared by the community and may end up looking slightly different when the 5.2 update actually drops. Should the details change in the future, I'll update this page to ensure it's accurate.
Ororon Level-up cost
To level Ororon up, you need to collect the following resources or their equivalents.
Level
Hero's Wit
Mora
Level one to 80
248
987,905
Level one to 90
420
1,672,530
Ororon Ascension materials & cost
You need to set aside
420,000 Mora
and all the materials below to get Ororon to Ascension level six.
Local Specialty & Boss material
x168 Withering Purpurbloom
x46
Mark of the Binding Blessing
Based on information from leaks, Ororon may require a new local specialty called the Glowing Mushroom, which won't be farmable until Version 5.2. However, you'll be able to farm for his boss material in advance. The Mark of the Binding Blessing can be obtained by defeating the
Goldflame Qucusaur Tyrant
in Huitztli Hill.
Gemstones
x1 Vajrada Amethyst Sliver
x9 Vajrada Amethyst Fragment
x9 Vajrada Amethyst Chunk
x6 Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone
All Electro units, by default, need Vajrada Amethyst Gemstones for Ascension. These are dropped by all Electro Normal, World, and Weekly Bosses, including the Electro Hypostasis, Electro Regisvine,
Everlasting Lord of Arcane Wisdom
,
Thunder Manifestation
, and more. You can also use the services of a Crafting Table in any city to
convert existing Gemstones
from one Element to another.
Common materials
x18 Juvenile Fang
x30 Seasoned Fang
x36 Tyrant's Fang
According to leaks, Ororon's common Ascension materials may be Fangs dropped by Saurians in Natlan. However, keep in mind that Chasca, which is releasing in the same update,
needs the same common materials
, so I strongly recommend farming for these early.
Ororon's Talent level-up materials & cost
It costs
1,652,500 Mora
in addition to the materials below to level up Ororon's Talents to the max level. Do note that you don't have to max all of his Talents unless you particularly love him. I'll let you know what to prioritize as soon as he's released in the game.
Talent materials
x9 Teachings of Kindling
x63 Guide to
Kindling
x114
Guide to
Kindling
All Natlan Talent Books can be farmed from the Blazing Ruins Domain in Tepeacac Rise. In particular, the Kindling series only shows up on
Tuesdays, Fridays, and Sundays
, so make sure to adjust your farming dates accordingly.
Common materials
x18
Juvenile Fang
x66
Seasoned Fang
x93
Tyrant's Fang
You must collect extra Fangs to level up Ororon's Talents. Don't forget that these can be purchased using Stardusts from Paimon's Bargains.
Weekly Boss material & Crown of Insight
x3 Crown of Insight
x18 Lightless Silk String
Set aside one to three Crowns of Insights to level up Ororon's Talents from nine to 10, depending on how many you plan to max out. You can also start pre-farming his alleged Weekly Boss material, the Lightless Silk String, from the
All-Devouring Narwhal
in Fontaine. The rewards are random but can be converted using any Crafting Table.
For more on Ororon, check out our guide on
Ororon’s Special Dish and how to cook it in Genshin Impact – Honey-Glazed Kipper
here on Pro Game Guides.
More Posts from PGG