Genshin Impact: Best Ororon Builds (Weapons, Artifacts, Team Comps, Stats)
Genshin Impact's Ororon poses with his arm lifted in front of the Masters of the Night-Wind tribe.
Custom Image by Bruno Yonezawa
By
Bruno Yonezawa
Published
Nov 17, 2024, 6:50 PM EST
Bruno Yonezawa is a Gaming Senior Writer for Screen Rant. He's been practicing professional journalism for over 10 years, and is also a communications specialist. He's played games all his life and turned that passionate hobby into a passionate career, in an industry where he's worked as a writer, editor, analyst, and more.
Sign in to your
ScreenRant
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Best Weapons For Ororon (Best Bows)
Best Artifacts & Stats For Ororon
Best Team Comps For Ororon
Skill (Talent) Priority For Ororon
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Thread
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Giving Ororon the best build in
Genshin Impact
can transform him into a super useful sub-DPS across a variety of team comps, allowing him to deal consistent and powerful off-field damage to opponents while also diverting their attention away from the party’s active character.
Ororon is a 4-star Electro bow user added with the action RPG’s Version 5.2 update alongside Chasca
. The unit is one of the many
characters from Natlan in
Genshin Impact
and, as such, he has a special Nightsoul’s Blessing state. With it, he can glide through the air and even fire an attack while hovering.
This, however, is not his specialty. Ororon’s Elemental Skill sees him throw a Spirit Orb at an enemy, which then bounces between opponents and deals Electro DMG. One of the most important parts of his kit is his Burst. With it, Ororon summons a Supersonic Oculus, which will continue on the field for nine seconds. During this period,
the Supersonic Oculus will attract enemies’ attention and deal pulses of Nightsoul-aligned Electro DMG to them
. Once you have gathered
Ororon’s materials in
Genshin Impact
and ascended him to level 90, you should work on his build to optimize his damage potential.
Best Weapons For Ororon (Best Bows)
There Are Several Strong 4-Star Options For The Character
Genshin Impact's Ororon stands in Natlan.
As a damage dealer, even if an off-field one, your first job will be finding a proper bow for Ororon.
The best bow for an off-field sub-DPS like Ororon is the 5-star Elegy for the End
. This weapon offers a great base ATK stat (608 at level 90) and an even better Energy Recharge sub-stat (55.1% at level 90), which helps Ororon’s Burst be available more often. Its skill also increases the user’s Elemental Mastery and can buff the team’s Elemental Mastery and ATK once enough hits have been landed on opponents by the user’s Skill and Burst.
The table below lists the best builds for Ororon in
Genshin Impact
, including bow recommendations, ideal Artifacts, best stats, team comp suggestions, and more:
Ororon's Best Build In Genshin Impact
Weapon
Elegy for the End (Best 5-star)
Aqua Simulacra (5-star substitute)
Song of Stillness (Best 4-star)
Alley Hunter (Substitute 4-star)
Chain Breaker (F2P 4-star)
Artifact
Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City (4-pieces)
Stat Priority
Energy Recharge
CRIT Rate / CRIT DMG
ATK
Electro DMG
Elemental Mastery (sub-stat)
Skill Priority
Elemental Skill
Elemental Burst
Normal Attack
You can also use Yelan’s signature 5-star bow, Aqua Simulacra
. The weapon has an inferior base ATK stat (542 at level 90), but a huge CRIT DMG sub-stat (88.2% at level 90). Furthermore, its skill grants a 20% HP buff and, when enemies are nearby, the user deals 20% more DMG, an effect that occurs even if they are off the field. Both bows are fantastic for Ororon, but 5-star weapons can be rare and feel like a waste on a 4-star unit such as Ororon. Luckily, there are plenty of good 4-star bows for Ororon’s build in
Genshin Impact
.
Related
Genshin Impact 5.4 Leaks Show The Game's Most Underrated Region Is Getting A New Character
There are leaks about a new character in Genshin Impact 5.4 and their Nation could mean a return to one of the game’s most underrated regions.
Posts
6
By
Bruno Yonezawa
The best 4-star for Ororon is Song of Stillness
. The weapon has an unremarkable base ATK stat (510 at level 90), but a great ATK sub-stat (41.3% at level 90). When the user is healed, they deal 16% more DMG for eight seconds, even if they are off the field. This goes hand-in-hand with the nine seconds for Ororon’s Burst. Furthermore, if you increase the Refinement level of Song of Stillness, you can see that DMG bonus increased to a whopping 32%. The only requirement is that Ororon is healed at least once during his rotation to trigger the effect.
This should be somewhat easy to accomplish if he has the proper team comp, which can trigger HP drainage and then healing.
Alternatively, you can use Alley Hunter, a 4-star bow that gradually increases the user’s DMG for every second they spend off the field. Likewise, their DMG decreases for every second they are on the field.
A good F2P (free-to-play) bow for Ororon is Chain Breaker
. This weapon grants good ATK stats and sub-stats and offers an ATK bonus for each Natlan character or unit of a different element in the team comp. If all characters in the team comp match the requirements, the user also gets an
Elemental Mastery buff in
Genshin Impact
.
In general, you want to
look for bows that increase Ororon’s ATK and damage capabilities
. Energy Recharge is also very valuable for him since his Burst is of the utmost importance in his rotation. Elemental Mastery can also be a great sub-stat for weapons since it allows his attacks to deal more damage when triggering Reactions with the abilities of other characters in the team comp.
Best Artifacts & Stats For Ororon
Only One Artifact Set Truly Works For The 4-Star Electro Character
Genshin Impact's Kachina smiles and holds up a Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City Artifact.
Custom Image by Bruno Yonezawa
The next step in his build is finding a good Artifact set he can take advantage of.
The best Artifact set for Ororon is Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City
. With two pieces, this set sees that the user recovers 6 Elemental Energy when a party member triggers a Nightsoul Burst. The four-piece bonus allows all party members to gain a 12% Elemental DMG Bonus for the elements involved in the Reaction for 15 seconds after the user triggers a Reaction related to their
element in
Genshin Impact
.
Related
Genshin Impact 5.2's New Xbox Glider Can Be Obtained By Players On Other Platforms, But There's A Huge Limitation Imposed On Them
Version 5.2 will introduce a new promotional Xbox glider for Genshin Impact, celebrating the game’s release on Microsoft’s line of consoles.
Posts
1
By
Bruno Yonezawa
If the user is in the Nightsoul’s Blessing state when the effect is triggered, allies gain an extra 28% Elemental DMG Bonus for the elements in the Reaction for 20 seconds. These effects can be triggered even if the user of the Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City Artifacts is off the field. While the focus is not on augmenting Ororon’s power, specifically,
it allows him to buff his party members and puts his main DPS in the spotlight with increased Elemental DMG
.
When farming these Artifacts for Ororon,
you’ll want to focus on increasing his Energy Recharge, followed by his CRIT Rate and CRIT DMG
. ATK is also a very important stat in Ororon’s kit, as well as Electro DMG via the main stat of his Goblet.
Elemental Mastery and HP can come in as sub-stats for Ororon’s build, as they can enhance his performance and survivability in
Genshin Impact
.
Best Team Comps For Ororon
Ororon Is A Versatile Sub-DPS Character
Ororon is a very versatile sub-DPS character and, while he operates at his best when paired with other Natlan characters capable of triggering Nightsoul Bursts, he can be used in other types of team comps, too. The best comp for Ororon is alongside Chasca.
With Ororon, Chasca can deal Electro DMG and use that to trigger Reactions with other elements, such as Hydro provided by Furina
and Pyro from
Bennett in
Genshin Impact
. Furthermore, Furina can help initiate HP drainage and healing, which could trigger the skill on Song of Stillness, should Ororon be using it.
The table below lists a few team comp suggestions for Ororon:
Ororon's Best Team Comps In Genshin Impact
Multi-Element Electro-Charged Team Comp
Ororon (Electro Sub-DPS)
Chasca (Main DPS)
Furina (Hydro Support)
Bennett (Pyro Support)
Hyperbloom Team Comp
Ororon (Electro Sub-DPS)
Neuvillette (Hydro Main DPS)
Nahida (Dendro Sub-DPS & Support)
Furina (Hydro Support & Healer)
F2P Team Comp
Ororon (Electro Sub-DPS)
Kaeya (Cryo Main DPS) or Gaming (Pyro Main DPS)
Xingqiu (Hydro Sub-DPS)
Bennett (Pyro Support)
Even if you avoid the bonuses triggered from Natlan characters,
you could also insert Ororon as a reliable sub-DPS in a hyperbloom team
. Ororon serves as a great sub-DPS for Neuvillette and Nahida’s Bloom Reactions, while
Furina in
Genshin Impact
could still trigger HP drainage and healing for Ororon’s Song of Stillness, for example. For other team comps, you could think of Ororon as a substitute for Fischl, even if he operates somewhat differently from her.
Skill (Talent) Priority For Ororon
One Talent Can Be Ignored Completely
Ororon walks into a cave in Genshin 5.2.
When leveling up Ororon’s abilities, you may need to make some hard choices and prioritize some skills over others.
Both Ororon’s Skill and Burst are extremely important to his rotation, though his Skill should take precedence seeing it is nearly guaranteed it will always be used whenever he swaps in
. His Burst should be leveled up immediately after that. Ororon’s priority is his Normal Attack and, depending on how quick your team comp’s rotations are, you may skip leveling that Talent up entirely.
Related
Genshin Impact 5.2's Leaked NPC May Forever Change The Natlan Story
An important historical figure from Natlan may make a reappearance in Genshin Impact 5.2, according to a leaked character model for the patch.
Posts
1
By
Bruno Yonezawa
Ororon is a pretty solid Electro sub-DPS to have and an extremely straightforward one to build. You may struggle to optimize his stats when farming Artifacts thanks to the randomness factor revolving around these items but, in general, there are several options for the 4-star character, from weapons to possible team comps in
Genshin Impact
.
Genshin Impact
RPG
Action
Adventure
Gacha
Open-World
Systems
9
/10
Released
September 28, 2020
ESRB
Teen / Alcohol Reference, Fantasy Violence, In-Game Purchases (Includes Random Items), Users Interact
Developer(s)
HoYoverse (Formerly miHoYo)
Publisher(s)
HoYoverse (Formerly miHoYo)
Multiplayer
Online Co-Op
Cross Save
All platforms
Steam Deck Compatibility
yes
Platform(s)
PlayStation 5
,
PlayStation 4
, Xbox Series X, Xbox Series S,
PC
, iOS, Android
Genre(s)
RPG
,
Action
,
Adventure
, Gacha, Open-World
X|S Optimized
yes
Metascore
86
Platforms That Support Crossplay
Mobile, PC, PS4 & PS5
PS Plus Availability
N/A
Powered by
Expand
Collapse
Gaming
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Trending Now
5 Best Horror Movies Turning 50 In 2026, Ranked
10 Essential Moments That Changed X-Men's Iceman Forever
Star Wars’ Cancelled Prequel Series Sees Surprise US Streaming Resurgence