Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Ororon materials, kit, and Constellations
Ascension and Talent materials for Ororon.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Guide
by
Jessica Orr
Senior Guides Writer
Updated on
Nov. 26, 2024
Follow Genshin Impact
Ororon
is a 4-Star Electro character who was added to
Genshin Impact
during version 5.2.
While Ororon is featured as one of the boosted 4-Star characters on
Chasca
's and
Lyney
's Banners in
version 5.2
, he will eventually be added to the standard Banner in
Genshin Impact
after 5.2, and also occasionally feature on
future Banners
as one of the boosted 4-Stars again.
If you want to prepare for him, we've listed
Ororon's Ascension materials
and
Talent materials
so you can level him up to his full potential right away. To understand how you might play him, we've also detailed
Ororon's kit
and
Constellations
.
On this page:
Ororon's kit
Ororon Ascension materials
Ororon Talent materials
Ororon Constellations
To see this content please enable targeting cookies.
Manage cookie settings
Ororon's kit
Ororon is a
4-Star Electro character who uses a bow
, and keeping in mind that all of the percentages mentioned below are based on Level 1 Skills, here's a summary of
Ororon's kit in Genshin Impact
:
Element
: Electro.
Rarity
: 4-Star.
Weapon
: Bow.
Normal Attack
: Spiritvessel Snapshot.
Elemental Skill
: Night's Sling.
Elemental Burst
: Dark Voices Echo.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Passive one
: Nightshade Synesthesia - After a nearby party member triggers Nightsoul Burst, Ororon will gain 40 Nightsoul points. Within 15 seconds after using his Elemental Skill, when other party members' Hydro or Electro attacks hit opponents, Ororon will gain five Nightsoul points, an effect that can occur every 0.3 seconds for a maximum of 10 times during this 15 second duration. Ororon can have a maximum of 80 Nightsoul points. Also, when nearby opponents take Electro-Charged reaction damage or Nightsoul-aligned damage dealt by other nearby characters, Ororon will consume 10 Nightsoul points (provided he has at least that amount), entering the Nightsoul's Blessing state and triggering the Hypersense effect: Deal Nightsoul-aligned Electro Damage based on 160% of Ororon's attack to at most four nearby opponents. The aforementioned effect can trigger once every 1.8 seconds. Ororon's Nightsoul's Blessing state lasts 6 seconds.
Passive two
: Aspect Catalyst - After his Elemental Skill's Spirit Orb hits an opponent, Ororon will gain the Aspect Sigil effect for 15 seconds: when a nearby active party member hits an opponent with normal, charged, or plunging attacks, that character will restore three Energy. If Ororon is off-field, he will also restore three Energy. This effect can trigger once every second, and can trigger three times per duration.
Passive bonus
: Night Realm's Gift: Flowing Fog, Spritely Shadows - While in an area with Phlogiston Mechanics within Natlan, Ororon can use Nightsoul Transmission: Ororon. When the active character is currently in the air, Ororon will leap up high after switching to him. Nightsoul Transmission can be triggered once every 10 seconds by your party. Holding Aiming Mode will cause Ororon to enter the 'Spiritspeaker' state, which will allow him to interact with 'Nightspirit Graffiti' and 'Nightspirit Sigils', extracting information and power from them. The rules for interacting with these objects follow the same rules as those governing Iktomisaurus
Saurian
interactions. Additionally, holding the jump button will cause Ororon to consume 75 Stamina and leap. In areas within Natlan where Phlogiston mechanics are present, Ororon will prioritize consuming five Phlogiston to leap to a height higher still. When in the air, Ororon can Hold his normal attack to consume Phlogiston or Stamina and enter Aiming Mode.
Exploration bonus
: The Art of Skinchanging - Increases gliding speed for your own party members by 15%. Not stackable with other passive talents that provide the exact same effects.
Ororon's Normal Attack - Spiritvessel Snapshot
Ororon performs up to three consecutive shots with his bow, if tapping the normal attack button. Holding it down instead makes Ororon perform a more precise Aimed Shot with increased damage. While aiming, Electro energy will accumulate on the arrowhead, and a fully charged arrow will deal Electro Damage.
As with most bow plunging attacks, Ororon fires off a shower of arrows in mid-air before falling and striking the ground, dealing AOE (Area of Effect) damage upon impact.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Ororon's Elemental Skill - Night's Sling
Ororon manifests an ancient mystical technique from the Masters of the Night-Wind as a Spirit Orb of midnight shade and throws it at his foe, dealing Nightsoul-aligned Electro Damage.
When other opponents are nearby, the Spirit Orb will bounce between them, dealing Nightsoul-aligned Electro Damage. Each time Night's Sling is used, each opponent can only be selected as a target once. After three bounces, or if there are no eligible targets left, the Orb will disappear.
Ororon's Elemental Burst - Dark Voices Echo
Ororon works an ancient ritual, dealing Nightsoul-aligned AOE Electro Damage, summoning forth a Supersonic Oculus. Supersonic Oculus continuously taunts nearby opponents and attracts attacks from them, and continuously rotates and fires off sonic waves that deal Nightsoul-aligned Electro Damage.
Ororon Talent materials
Lightless Silk String. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
To get the most out of using Ororon, you will have to level his skills up by using Talent materials, which vary from character-to-character.
For Ororon, you'll need to farm a lot of Fang and Kindling materials (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade his capabilities.
As Ororon has three Talents, you will have to spend three times the Talent materials listed below to fully upgrade all of his abilities, which we've also detailed below the table.
Here's what Ororon Talent materials you need to improve one of his abilities:
Ororon Talent level
Ororon Talent materials
Mora cost
Level 2
x3 Teachings of Kindling, x6 Juvenile Fang
12,500
Level 3
x2 Guide to Kindling, x3 Seasoned Fang
17,500
Level 4
x4 Guide to Kindling, x4 Seasoned Fang
25,000
Level 5
x6 Guide to Kindling, x6 Seasoned Fang
30,000
Level 6
x9 Guide to Kindling, x9 Seasoned Fang
37,500
Level 7
x4 Philosophies of Kindling, x4 Tyrant’s Fang, x1 Lightless Silk String
120,000
Level 8
x6 Philosophies of Kindling, x6 Tyrant’s Fang, x1 Lightless Silk String
260,000
Level 9
x12 Philosophies of Kindling, x9 Tyrant’s Fang, x2 Lightless Silk String
450,000
Level 10
x16 Philosophies of Kindling, x12 Tyrant’s Fang, x2 Lightless Silk String, x1 Crown of Insight
700,000
Here's what Talent Materials you'll need to fully upgrade
one
of Ororon's skills:
x1 Crown of Insight
x3 Teachings of Kindling
x6 Juvenile Fang
x6 Lightless Silk String
x21 Guide to Kindling
x22 Seasoned Fang
x31 Tyrant’s Fang
x38 Philosophies of Kindling
1,652,500 Mora
To upgrade all
three
of Ororon's skills, here's all the Talent Materials you'll need:
x3 Crown of Insight
x9 Teachings of Kindling
x18 Juvenile Fang
x18 Lightless Silk String
x63 Guide to Kindling
x66 Seasoned Fang
x93 Tyrant’s Fang
x114 Philosophies of Kindling
4,957,500 Mora
Version 6.4 Phase 2 sees the returning 5-Star
Skirk
and a rerun of
Escoffier
. 

So don't forget to redeem
new codes
for
Primogems
to help pull them, and check out our regularly updated
tier list
.

You need luck from the
Pity and 50/50 systems
to
Wish with Fate
for characters on
Banners
, and you always need the right
Adventure Rank
for events.

Elsewhere, we have
tips and tricks for beginners
.
Ororon Ascension materials
Glowing Mushroom. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Just like Talents, you need to use Ororon Ascension materials to upgrade his health, attack, defence, and critical hit effectiveness.
You'll need to farm a lot of Glowing Mushroom and Fang materials for Ororon (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade his capabilities.
Unlike Talent materials, you only need to spend the below Ascension materials once to fully raise Ororon to his highest character level. There is also Acquaint Fate rewarded for reaching certain Ascension levels. You can spend this Fate on the
standard and beginner Banners
to Wish for characters and weapons.
Here's what Ororon Ascension materials and Mora you need to upgrade him for each Ascension level:
Ororon Ascension level
Ororon Ascension materials
Mora cost
Ascension reward
Level 20
x1 Vajrada Amethyst Sliver, x3 Glowing Mushroom, x3 Juvenile Fang
20,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 40
x3 Vajrada Amethyst Fragment, x2 Mark of the Binding Blessing, x10 Glowing Mushroom, x15 Juvenile Fang
40,000
None
Level 50
x6 Vajrada Amethyst Fragment, x4 Mark of the Binding Blessing, x20 Glowing Mushroom, x12 Seasoned Fang
60,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 60
x3 Vajrada Amethyst Chunk, x8 Mark of the Binding Blessing, x30 Glowing Mushroom, x18 Seasoned Fang
80,000
None
Level 70
x6 Vajrada Amethyst Chunk, x12 Mark of the Binding Blessing, x45 Glowing Mushroom, x12 Tyrant’s Fang
100,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 80
x6 Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone, x20 Mark of the Binding Blessing, x60 Glowing Mushroom, x24 Tyrant’s Fang
120,000
None
In total, here's
all the Ascension Materials
you need for Ororon in Genshin Impact:
x1 Vajrada Amethyst Sliver
x6 Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone
x9 Vajrada Amethyst Fragment
x9 Vajrada Amethyst Chunk
x18 Juvenile Fang
x30 Seasoned Fang
x36 Tyrant’s Fang
x46 Mark of the Binding Blessing
x168 Glowing Mushroom
420,000 Mora
Ororon Constellations
By getting duplicates of Ororon from wishing on Banners that include him, you will receive his Stella Fortuna. This material allows you to unlock Constellation levels, with each upgrade either improving an existing Talent or Passive ability.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Here are all of
Ororon's Constellations in Genshin Impact
:
Trails Amidst the Forest Fog (C1)
: Ororon's Night's Sling's Spirit Orb can bounce two additional times. Additionally, after the Spirit Orb hits an opponent, it will apply the Nighttide effect to them for 12 seconds. Opponents affected by Nighttide take 50% increased damage from Hypersense triggered by the 'Nightshade Synesthesia' passive talent.
King Bee of the Hidden Honeyed Wine (C2)
: After using his Elemental Burst, Ororon will obtain the Spiritual Supersense effect for nine seconds. During Spiritual Supersense, Ororon gains an 8% Electro Damage bonus, and every additional opponent hit by Ororon's Elemental Burst or Supersonic Oculus will grant him a further 8% Electro Damage Bonus. The maximum that can be gained this way is 32% Electro Damage Bonus.
Roosting Bat's Spiritcage (C3)
: Increases the Level of Ororon's Elemental Burst by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
As the Mysteries of the Night Wind (C4)
: The Supersonic Oculus summoned by Ororon's Elemental Burst rotates 25% faster, and Ororon will restore eight Energy to himself after using his Elemental Burst.
A Gift For the Soul (C5)
: Increases the Level of Ororon's Elemental Skill by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Ode to Deep Springs (C6)
: After triggering Hypersense through Ororon's 'Nightshade Synesthesia' passive talent, your current active character's attack is increased by 10% for nine seconds. Max three stacks, and each stack is counted independently. Additionally, when you use Ororon's Elemental Burst, you will trigger one instance of an effect equivalent to Hypersense, dealing 200% of its original damage.
Good luck levelling up Ororon in Genshin Impact!