Ororon Team Composition Guide
By
Aditi Jeyanathan
Published
Nov 19, 2024, 10:00 PM EST
Aditi is a long-time reader and writer from Sri Lanka. She has been writing for GameRant since 2023 and was previously in the advertising industry.
She's been a lifelong gamer, starting with console games like Tekken and COD, before slowly transitioning into RPG and Otome games. She currently plays all Hoyoverse games (Genshin Impact, Honkai: Star Rail and Tears of Themis) rather religiously. Some new games on her list that she also enjoys range from Wuthering Waves, Ikemen Villains, and Love and Deepspace.
Aside from her love for gaming, she also enjoys reading, anime, music and basketball.
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Thread
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Ororon
Electro
Bow
Natlan (Mictlan)
Guides
Ascension
Builds
Weapons
Team Comp
Constellation
Player Mistakes
Back to All Characters
As
Genshin Impact
dives into the thick of Natlan, the 5.2 update brings in new characters from other tribes that players will have a chance to get to know. Ororon is one such character from the Masters of the Night Wind
who has an exceptional Electro Sub-DPS ability.
The best thing about Ororon is his ability to work efficiently with a variety of team compositions in
Genshin Impact
. He deals consistent
and
powerful off-field DMG with his Elemental Burst being the most important out of his skill set. His Burst allows him to taunt enemies for nine seconds which, during this time, sets up a perfect platform for your DPS character to take advantage of. Here are some team compositions for Ororon that players can make use of if they get him.
Related
Genshin Impact Lore: Who Are The Dragon Sovereigns Of All Nations?
The Seven Dragon Sovereigns of Teyvat were once the rulers of this realm, but who are they really in Genshin Impact?
Posts
1
By
Aditi Jeyanathan
Neuvillette + Ororon + Kazuha + Xilonen (Taser Team)
Ororon’s kit is heavily advantageous when it comes to Electro-Charged reactions. It’s the strongest team in which he’ll shine and capitalize on his follow-up attack. Basically, Ororon’s passive talent can
buff
his Electro DMG when Electro-Charged reactions are caused by other characters on the field. This is especially true if
Genshin Impact
players decide to slap him with the 4pc Artifact set Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City.
In this team, Neuvillette serves as the Main DPS unit, with Kazuha there to help with crowd control and elemental resistance shredding to create more Swirl. Players
can then switch to Xilonen
, use her Skill, and then Burst to buff the team, and then switch to Ororon and
use his Burst
. Since his Burst is the most important skill he has, it would be best to stack Energy Recharge on him through either the weapon or the artifact set. Neuvillette can then come back onto the field and once the enemies have been taunted and hit with the Hydro, the Electro-Charged reactions + increased Electro buff will deal phenomenal damage.
Genshin Impact
players don’t even have to limit themselves to using Neuvillette, as any Hydro DPS
or
Electro DPS unit will work here as long as you manage to create those Electro-Charged reactions.
Team Substitutes
Hydro or Electro DPS:
Childe, Ayato, Yelan, Clorinde, Yae Miko
Hydro Support:
Furina, Ayato
Swirl Support:
Venti, Sucrose, Lynette
Healer/Shielder:
Zhongli, Furina (Zhongli can provide resistance to interruption and Furina greatly buffs Neuvillette’s DMG
and
acts as an off-field Hydro DMG dealer).
Ayato + Ororon + Nahida + Furina (Hyperbloom Team)
Hyperbloom teams can be superior in their own way and this is especially true with characters who specialize in it, like Nilou and Kaveh. But before addressing that, slotting Ororon into this team might prove to be more useful than one may think. The team utilizes Electro-Charged reactions to trigger Ororon’s passive and with Nahida’s AoE Dendro support, this will create Bloom cores once Furina’s off-field Hydro DMG is active. You can then switch to Ayato, use his Burst, and watch the Hyperbloom reactions take place. If you do plan to pair Furina in with Ororon, make sure to use the
four-star bow Song of Stillness
, as it goes hand in hand with Furina’s HP drainage, conveniently increasing the ATK% with every drop.
Now moving onto characters that do specialize in Bloom reactions, Nilou and
Kaveh are decent substitutes
to pair with Ororon, but you might not get the damage output you so require. Additionally, this team might be very slow as you’ll have to match up
Kaveh as the Main DPS, Ororon as Sub DPS, Nilou as Bloom Support, and Xinqiu/Furina for additional off-field Hydro DMG + healing
. The rotations aren’t as smooth, but the team is slightly more attainable and F2P compared to the others. Players can also look at the following substitutes if they don’t have the above characters.
Team Substitutes
Hydro DPS:
Childe, Neuvillette, Yelan, Mualani
Dendro DPS:
Kaveh
Dendro Support:
Nahida, Collei, Yayao (all off-field DMG)
Healer:
Baizhu, Xingqiu, Kokomi, Sigewinne
Related
Genshin Impact: Best Kazuha Build
Genshin Impact players who have rolled Kazuha can find a weapon, artifact set, and some talent prioritization tips in this short guide.
Posts
Chasca + Ororon + Furina + Bennett (Multi-Element Team)
Since Ororon is quite the versatile Sub DPS unit, he pairs extremely well with his fellow Natlan characters. Other Natlanese characters on the team will easily trigger his Nightsoul Burst and Chasca might just be the best out of the lot. With Ororon’s off-field Burst setup, Chasca can deal Electro DMG and, what’s more,
her Swirl component can be used to trigger
other Hydro-related reactions set up by Furina. Bennett will slowly provide healing and buff any DMG, but this team is as multidimensional as it can get because of all the potential reactions it can create. Keep in mind that Chasca is able to deal Nightsoul-aligned DMG, so it would be great to utilize that and her on-field reaction driver ability.
Team Substitutes
Anemo DPS:
Wanderer, Shikanoin Heizou (Any Anemo Catalyst works equally well as a reaction driver)
Hydro Support:
Ayato, Kokomi (Both of them are perfect to use with Chasca due to her Shell conversion)
Genshin Impact
8
/10
Released
September 28, 2020
Where to play
Close
WHERE TO PLAY
SUBSCRIPTION
DIGITAL
ESRB
Teen / Alcohol Reference, Fantasy Violence, In-Game Purchases (Includes Random Items), Users Interact
Developer(s)
HoYoverse (Formerly miHoYo)
Publisher(s)
HoYoverse (Formerly miHoYo)
Engine
Unity
Multiplayer
Online Co-Op
Cross-Platform Play
All platforms
Cross Save
All platforms
Platform(s)
PlayStation 5
,
PlayStation 4
,
Xbox Series X
,
Xbox Series S
,
PC
,
iOS
,
Android
Genre(s)
RPG
,
Action
,
Adventure
, Gacha,
Open-World
X|S Optimized
yes
OpenCritic Rating
Strong
6 Images
Powered by
Expand
Collapse
Video Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which recently released Nintendo cozy game do you prefer?
Pokemon Pokopia
Pokemon Pokopia
57.3%
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
42.7%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
World of Warcraft is Getting More Expensive for Millions of Players
The Sims 4 Teases Big Update
This Pokemon Champions Mega Evolution Beats Most of The Meta On Its Own