Trending
The Boys Season 5
Windrose
Invincible Season 4
Twitch
Overwatch
Gaming
Ororon in Genshin Impact: Rarity, element, weapon & abilities
by
James Busby
Updated:
Nov 19, 2024, 11:26
Save for later
Save for later
HoYoverse / Dexerto
Get Notifications for Gaming News
Ororon is an upcoming Electro character in
Genshin Impact
version 5.2
and these are all the official details we have about him so far.
Genshin Impact’s roster is set to grow even further when both Chasca and Ororon join the
gacha
game in a future
banner
. Not only do we know his element and weapon type, but the last official livestream gave us a bigger look into his abilities.
So, if you’re looking to farm up items before Ororon’s release or wish to know whether you should save your Primogems for him, we’ve got you covered below.
Article continues after ad
Ororon release date
Ororon will be released on
November 20, 2024
, when the 5.2 update launches.
He will be made available during
Phase 1
of the update alongside the banners for
Chasca
and
Lyney
.
HoYoverse
Ororon abilities
Ororon’s is a 4-star Electro unit that wields a bow in combat.
An overview of his abilities can be found in the tables below:
Article continues after ad
Normal Attack
ABILITY NAME
ABILITY TYPE
DESCRIPTION
Spiritvessel Snapshot
Normal Attack
Performs up to 3 consecutive shots with a bow.
Charged Attack
Performs a more precise Aimed Shot with increased DMG.
While aiming Electro energy accumulates on the arrowhead. A fully charged arrow will deal Electro damage.
Plunging Attack
Fires off a shower of arrows in mid-air before falling and striking the ground, dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Elemental Skill
ABILITY NAME
ABILITY NAME
DESCRIPTION
Night’s Sling
Elemental Skill
Manifests an ancient Masters of the Night-Wind technique as a Spirit Orb and throws it at the enemy, dealing Nightsoul-aligned Electro DMG.
When other enemies are nearby the Orb bounces between them dealing Electro DMG. After 3 bounces or if there are no targets left, the Orb will disappear.
Elemental Burst
ABILITY NAME
ABILITY NAME
DESCRIPTION
Dark Voice Echoes
Elemental Burst
Ororon summons a Supersonic Oculus which:
– Can continuously taunt nearby enemies and attracts attacks from them.
– Rotates and fires off sonic waves that deal Nightsoul-aligned Electro DMG.
Passives
ABILITY NAME
DESCRIPTION
Nightshade Synthesis
– Ascension Talent 1
When party members trigger a Nightsoul Burst, Ororon will recover 40 Nightsoul points. For 15s after using his Elemental Skill, Ororon will recover 5 Nightsoul points after characters other than himself hit opponents with Hydro or Electro DMG.
This can only be triggered
up to 10 times
during its duration, and he can recover Nightsoul points this way once every 0.3s.
Nightsoul points can be consumed in the following ways:
– After nearby opponents are attacked by Electro-Charged or by Nightsoul-aligned attacks (from characters other than Ororon).
– If he has 10 or more Nightsoul points, Ororon will enter the Nightsoul’s Blessing state for 6s and trigger the “Electric Induction” effect: Deal Electro DMG equal to 130% of his ATK to up to 4 nearby opponents and consume 10 Nightsoul points. This effect can be triggered once every 1.8s.
Aspect Catalyst
– Ascension Talent 2
For 15s after his Elemental Skill hits, the active party member restores 3 Elemental Energy after attacking with Hydro or Electro DMG.
If Ororon is off-field at the time, Ororon will restore 3 Elemental Energy as well. This can be triggered once every 1s, and can be triggered up to 3 times during its duration.
Flowing Fog, Spirietly Shadows
– Natlan Talent
While in an area with Phlogiston Mechanics within Natlan, he can use Nightsoul Transmission: Ororon.
When the active character is currently sprinting, in a movement mode caused by certain Talents, or at a certain height in the air, the following will trigger when switching to Ororon: Ororon will leap up high. Nightsoul Transmission can be triggered once every 10s.
Holding
Aiming Mode
will activate Ororon’s ‘
Spiritseeker
‘ state which lets him interact with Nightspirit Graffiti and Nightspirit Sigils to extract information and power from them.
Holding the Jump button will cause Ororon to consume 75 Stamina and leap. In areas within Natlan where phlogiston mechanics are present, Ororon will prioritize consuming 5 Phlogiston to leap to a height higher still.
Ororon can hold his Normal Attack in the air to consume phlogiston or stamina to enter Aiming Mode.
The Art of Skinchanging
– Utility Passive
Increases gliding SPD for your own party members by 15%
Not stackable with Passive Talents that provide the exact same effects.
Ororon Constellations
Level 1:
Graffiti Bomb can attack 2 more times, and opponents hit take 60% more DMG from “Electric Induction” for 12s.
Requires Ascension Talent 1 to be unlocked first.
Level 2:
When Ororon’s Elemental Burst hits 1/2/3/4 or more opponents, his own Electro DMG dealt increases by 24%/36%/48%/60% for 9s.
Level 3:
Increases Elemental Burst Level by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4:
The rotation speed of the soundwaves during the Elemental Burst increase by 25%.
Level 5:
Increases Elemental Skill Level by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6:
After consuming Nightsoul points to trigger the effect of Ascension Talent 1, the active party member’s ATK increases by 10% for 9s, stacking up to 3 times. Each stack is counted independently.
In addition, when his Elemental Burst is used, an attack that counts as an instance of “Electric Induction” that does not consume Nightsoul points will be triggered, dealing 300% of his ATK as Electro DMG.
ASCENSION LEVEL
MATERIALS REQUIRED
MORA REQUIRED
ASCENSION REWARD
Level 20
1x Vajrada Amethyst Sliver, 3x Glowing Mushrooms, 3x Juvenile Fang
20,000
1x Acquaint Fate
Level 40
3x Vajrada Amethyst Fragment, 2x Mark of the Binding Blessing, 10x Glowing Mushrooms, 15x Juvenile Fang
40,000
NA
Level 50
6x Vajrada Amethyst Fragment, 4x Mark of the Binding Blessing, 20x Glowing Mushroom, 12x Seasoned Fang
60,000
1x Acquaint Fate
Level 60
3x Vajrada Amethyst Chunk, 8x Mark of the Binding Blessing, 30x Glowing Mushroom, 18x Seasoned Fang
80,000
NA
Level 70
6x Vajrada Amethyst Chunk, 12x Mark of the Binding Blessing, 45x Glowing Mushroom, 12x Tyrant’s Fang
100,000
1x Acquaint Fate
Level 80
6x Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone, 20x Mark of the Binding Blessing, 60x Glowing Mushroom, 24x Tyrant’s Fang
120,000
NA
Ororon Ascension and Talent level-up materials
Ascension materials
Ororon Ascension materials require players to farm Vajrada Amethyst Sliver, Fragments, and Chunks. According to leaks, you’ll also need to collect Juvenile Fangs, Mark of the Binding Blessing, and Guide to Kindling books.
Article continues after ad
You can find a full rundown of his Talent materials below, including all the details about where to find them all we’ve got so far:
Vajrada Amethyst Sliver x 1
Vajrada Amethyst Fragment x 9
Vajrada Amethyst Chunk x 9
Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone x 6
Glowing Mushroom x 168
Juvenile Fang x 36
Seasoned Fang x 96
Tyrant’s Fang x 129
Lightless Silk String x 18
Mark of the Binding Blessing x 46
Teachings of Kindling x 9
Guide to Kindling x 63
Philosophies of Kindling x 114
Crown of Insight x 3
Ororon Talent material locations
HoYoverse / Dexerto
If you’re looking to level up Ororon and want to begin farming his Talent materials before his release, then we’ve outlined exactly where you can get them all.
Vajrada Sliver/Fragment/Chunk/Gemstone location
Vajrada Sliver, Fragment, Chunk, and Gemstone are all dropped by defeating the following weekly and normal bosses:
Weekly bosses
Azhdaha
Childe
Everlasting Lord of Arcane Wisdom
Magatsu Mitake Narukami no Mikoto
Stormterror Dvalin
Normal bosses
Coral Defenders
Electro Hypostasis
Electro Regisvine
Iniquitous Baptist
Millennial Pearl Seahorse
Primo Geovishap
Secret Source Automaton: Configuration Device
Thunder Manifestation
Glowing Mushroom
Glowing Mushrooms are a new Natlan specialty. Current leaks haven’t uncovered exactly where players can get this item, but the official translated description mentions that it can be found in
mountain locations
. We’ll be sure to update this section as soon as further details are announced.
Article continues after ad
Related
Genshin Impact 5.2 update: Release date, banners, new location, & events
Chasca in Genshin Impact: Rarirty, element, weapons & abilities
Forgotten Genshin Impact 4-star destroys weekly boss with ease
Article continues after ad
Juvenile Fang/Seasoned Fang/Tyrant’s Fang location
The Juvenile Fang, Seasoned Fang, and Tyrant’s Fang are dropped these
6 Saurians
that can be found across the Natlan region:
Koholasaur Whelp
Koholasaurus
Tepetlisaur Whelp
Tepetlisaurus
Yumkasaur Whelp
Yumkasaurus
Lightless Silk String location
Lightless Silk String is dropped by the
All-Devouring Narwhal weekly boss
challenge found in
Shadow of Another World
.
It’s important to note, that you’ll need to beat a
level 70+ All-Devouring Narwhal
so make sure you use a team comp consisting of the
best characters
to get through the challenge.
Mark of the Binding Blessing location
Mark of the Binding Blessing is dropped by
level 30+ Holawaqa Ngoubou
, a Normal Boss found in
Huitztli Hill
, a subarea of Natlan’s
Basin of Unnumbered Flames
.
Article continues after ad
Teachings of Kindling/Guide to Kindling/Philosophies of Kindling
Teachings of Kindling is a Character Talent Material obtained from Natlan’s
Blazing Ruins
domain on the following days:
Tuesday
Friday
Sunday
It’s important to note, that
you’ll need to be at least Adventure Rank 27 and have a recommended party level of 38
. This will enable you to clear the domain without a struggle. You’ll also want to
pick a team consisting of Dendro, Electro, Anemo, and Hydro
.
Article continues after ad
Crown of Insight
Crown of Insight is obtained from the following places:
Article continues after ad
Paimon’s Bargains
(50 Masterless Starglitter)
Offering Systems
(Level 3 needed)
Events
There you have it, that’s everything you need to know about Ororon in Genshin Impact. For more on the game, check out
redeem codes
,
all free characters
,
how to play it on Steam Deck
,
character ages & heights
, and the
Wings of Fate’s Course Intertwined Glider
.
More
Gaming
News
Add as a preferred source on Google
Follow on Google News
Featured Articles
TV & Movies
Why isn’t Brooke Hogan in Hulk Hogan: Real American? Netflix documentary explained
TV & Movies
Storage Wars star claims cyberbully was “tormenting” Darrell Sheets before his death
Entertainment
NASA website lets you spell your name using real images of Earth
TV & Movies
You can now wear a Jurassic Park fragrance that was “65 million years in the making”
Food
Cafe “run entirely” by AI goes viral, but it still needs humans
Sign up to Dexerto
For The latest News, Views & Reviews
Better Reading Experience
|
Save Your Favourite Items
Sign up