Arlecchino, Genshin Impact's Fourth Fatui Harbinger, is a five-star Pyro polearm user with a unique battle mechanic dependent on the Bond of Life. If you're interested in building her, here's everything you need to know.
Recommended Videos
Best weapons for Arlecchino in Genshin Impact
Arlecchino is a polearm user who demands on-field time. While there are a ton of great DPS polearms in Genshin Impact, it's important to know that Arlecchino benefits from having a Bond of Life, so choosing a weapon that can apply this effect is especially beneficial for her.
Crimson Moon's Semblance
(best five-star, signature weapon) - This weapon is Arlecchino's absolute best-in-slot as it makes it much easier to trigger and increase the amount of HP locked through the Bond of Life. In doing so, you can strengthen Arlecchino's overall DMG and guarantee a 100% uptime for Pyro infusion across her Normal and Charged Attacks.
The weapon's leaked effect is as follows: Grants a Bond of Life equal to 25% of Max HP when a Charged Attack hits an opponent. This effect can be triggered up to once every 14 seconds. In addition, when the equipping character has a Bond of Life, they gain a 12% DMG Bonus; if the value of the Bond of Life is greater than or equal to 30% of Max HP, they gain an additional 20% DMG Bonus.
R5 White Tassel
(best three-star) - The White Tassel is a legendary three-star option that's perfect for new players. It offers a Normal Attack DMG boost, which helps drive Arlecchino's DMG upward. However, R5 is absolutely necessary, and I recommend only using it as a temporary weapon until you've obtained a better one.
Alternative Weapons
Staff of Homa
Primordial Jade-Winged Spear
(best non-signature five star)
Staff of the Scarlet Sands
Skyward Spine
Deathmatch
(Battle Pass)
Ballad of the Fjords
(Battle Pass)
Missive Windspear (event reward)
Related:
Arlecchino’s Special Dish and how to cook it in Genshin Impact – Hearthfire’s Trail
Best Artifacts & substats for Arlecchino in Genshin Impact
Arlecchino's best-in-slot Artifact set is the Fragment of Harmonic Whimsy, which is far better than others by a large margin due to its passive bonus, which benefits characters with the Bond of Life mechanic.
Four-piece Fragment of Harmonic Whimsy
(best-in-slot) - Based on leaked information, this set may offer an ATK percent boost and a DMG boost whenever the wearer's Bond of Life increases or decreases. It's a perfect fit for Arlecchino's kit, which depends entirely on her Bond of Life.
This Artifact set can be obtained from the Faded Theater Domain in Fontaine.
Gladiator's Finale
- An alternative that offers an ATK boost and a Normal Attack DMG boost when the wielder is a polearm user, among others.
Two-piece combos
- While I strongly recommend using Arlecchino's best-in-slot set, these are some two-piece combos you can temporarily combine.
Gladiator's Finale (+18% ATK)
Echoes of an Offering (+18% ATK)
Shimenawa's Reminiscence (+18% ATK)
Crimson Witch of Flames (+15% Pyro DMG Bonus)
Arlecchino's best Artifact substats
Arlecchino is a DPS unit, so she pairs well with typical ATK and CRIT stars. She will need some Energy Recharge to enable her to trigger her Burst on every rotation. Her ER requirement is relatively low at 100 to 130%, depending on how often you need to trigger her Burst. I recommend aiming for close to 130% to ensure she Bursts at every rotation.
Sands
: ATK
Goblet
: Pyro DMG Bonus
Circlet
: CRIT Rate or CRIT DMG
Substats
: ATK, CRIT, and some ER to reach your target
Related:
Who is Arlecchino in Genshin Impact?
Genshin Impact Arlecchino Talent upgrade priority
When upgrading Arlecchino's Talents, I recommend doing so in this order of priority:
Normal Attack:
Invitation to a Beheading
Elemental Burst:
Balemoon Rising
Elemental Skill:
All is Ash
Most of Arlecchino's DMG will come from her Normal Attack, which can gain Pyro Infusion by manipulating the Bond of Life. The Elemental Burst and Skill are primarily used to apply the Blood Debt (used to obtain Bonds of Life) and for self-healing.
Best team for Arlecchino in Genshin Impact
As Genshin Impact allows for so much flexibility in playstyle, there are plenty of ways you can slot Arlecchino into different teams, so I suggest experimenting with your roster and taking your time to find her perfect party.
However, it's important to know that
Arlecchino's passive Talent makes her unhealable by party members
, so she has to use her own Elemental Burst to self-heal. As such, you'll benefit more from a shielder who can keep Arlecchino protected while a large chunk of her HP is unhealable by the Bond of Life. If you do bring in a healer for the rest of the party's survivability, I suggest using those with additional utility, such as Bennett.
Some easy-to-use team templates suggested by beta players are as follows:
Vape team
- A suggested team comp would be to pair Arlecchino with Yelan or Xingqiu, Bennett, and either Kazuha or Sucrose.
Overloaded team
- You can opt to bring in Electro units with a team that consists of Arlecchino, Chevreuse, Bennett, and either Fischl, Raiden Shogun or Yae Miko.
General team template
- If you aren't aiming for a specific Reaction, you can build a team consisting of Arlecchino plus a buffer (Kazuha, Bennett, Yun Jin), shielder (Zhongli, Thoma, Layla), and an off-field DPS (Xiangling, Xinqiu, Yelan, Yae Miko, Fischl).
For more on The Knave, check out our
Genshin Impact Arlecchino farming guide – all Talent & Ascension materials
here on Pro Game Guides.
More Posts from PGG