BEST Genshin Team Comps For Arlecchino To Win Every Challenge
Yooki
-
May 05, 2024
|
Mobile Games
You can optimize Arlecchino's power when having proper team comps. Check out how to build a strong team with Arlecchino here.
Leaks Hint At Genshin Impact Sethos’ DPS Potential
Genshin Impact 4.7 Main Events Leaked, Including Two Combat-Focused Events
Genshin Impact Neuvillette Build Guide: Best Build For 2024
Arlecchino is a strong Pyro DPS with unique gameplay. It seems to be more complicated to use her kit due to the new Bond of Life mechanism. But you can optimize her power when having proper team comps. Check out how to build a strong team with Arlecchino here.
Table of Contents
#1. Shielder Options
#2. Healer Options
#3. Electro Teammate Options
#4. Pyro Teammate Options
#1. Shielder Options
To keep Arlecchino alive during combat, you need a shielder like Zhongli. His solid and reliable shield can keep the main on-field DPS Arlecchino safe from deadly attacks from enemies. The Geo Archon also helps boost the output damage of Arlecchino by shredding enemies' elemental resistance.
Layla can be a cheaper alternative if you don't have a strong Geo Archon, but Layla is pretty rare though she is a 4-star character. Thoma can be an ideal option for F2P players.
Arlecchino needs a shield to stay alive.
#2. Healer Options
Only Bennett and Chevreuse are two ideal options for the healer position in Arlecchino's team. Especially, Bennett CM6 is the best healer for Arlecchino because he can buff her ATK, and Pyro DMG, and recharge energy for her burst. The only disadvantage of Bennett is his limited area of healing.
Bennett C6 is the best Pyro healer and supporter for her team.
#3. Electro Teammate Options
Overload is the best team to build with Arlecchino. Therefore, you need to choose at least one Electro character. It would be better if you have two Electro supporters for Arlecchino's Overload team as they can help her recharge energy for her elemental burst faster.
The following Electro characters will help her team.
Fischl;
Yae Miko;
Beidou.
Pick one or two characters to build Arlecchino's Overload team.
Yae Miko can help Arlecchino trigger AoE Overload reactions.
#4. Pyro Teammate Options
Besides, you should have at least one Pyro teammate in Arlecchino's Vaporize and Melt teams and two or three Pyro teammates for the Mono Pyro team. Here are some highly recommended Pyro characters for these teams.
Bennett;
Xiangling;
Thoma;
Yanfei.
Arlecchino can carry your team well to win hardcore challenges in Genshin Impact 4.6.
Bonus: How To Use Arlecchino
Overload, Melt, and Mono-Pyro teams are the three best team comps to build with Arlecchino. No matter which team you build, you should follow the rotation below.
Unleash her elemental skill to inflict Blood-Debt Directive onto the target.
Switch to other characters to release buffs and supporting kits. For example, activating Zhongli's shield or unleashing a Pyro or Electro attack will help Arlecchino deal higher damage to the enemies.
After 5 seconds, bring Arlecchino back to the field and unleash her Charged Attack to absorb the Blood-Debt Directive through the Bond of Life.
Then, continue to unleash Pyro-infused normal attacks to erode their HP and trigger the desired elemental reactions.
If your character's HP runs low, unleash her elemental burst to heal.
Besides, you need to give the new Pyro DPS decent weapons and artifacts. Arlecchino is one of the best DPS characters in Genshin Impact now. Let's build a strong team to utilize her power and fulfill every mission with ease.
>>> Also Read:
5 Tips To Keep in Mind While Playing Arlecchino in Genshin Impact
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
#Genshin Impact Guide
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025