Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Dahlia materials, kit, and Constellations
Ascension and Talent materials for Dahlia.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Guide
by
Jessica Orr
Senior Guides Writer
Updated on
June 17, 2025
Follow Genshin Impact
Dahlia
is a 4-Star Hydro character who debuted in
Genshin Impact
during version 5.7.
While Dahlia is featured as a boosted 4-Star character on on a 5-Star character's Banner in
version 5.7
, he will eventually be added to the standard Banner in
Genshin Impact
after 5.7, and also occasionally feature on
future Banners
as one of the boosted 4-Stars again.
If you want to prepare for him, we've listed
Dahlia's Ascension materials
and
Talent materials
so you can level him up to his full potential right away. To understand how you might play him, we've also detailed what we know about
Dahlia's kit
and
Constellations
.
On this page:
Dahlia's kit
Dahlia Ascension materials
Dahlia Talent materials
Dahlia Constellations
To see this content please enable targeting cookies.
Manage cookie settings
Dahlia kit
Dahlia is a 4-Star Hydro character who uses a sword, and keeping in mind that all of the percentages mentioned below are based on Level 1 Skills, here's a summary of
Dahlia's kit in Genshin Impact
:
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Element
: Hydro.
Rarity
: 4-Star.
Weapon
: Sword.
Normal Attack
: Favonius Bladework - Ritual.
Elemental Skill
: Immersive Ordinance.
Elemental Burst
: Radiant Psalter.
Passive one
: The Wind's Gentle Grace - When characters affected by the Favonian Favor effect of Dahlia's Elemental Burst trigger Frozen, they grant Dahlia two Benison stacks. This effect can trigger once every eight seconds.
Passive two
: Prayer of Well-Wrought Joy - When your active party member is affected by the Favonian Favor effect of Dahlia's Elemental Burst, their Attack Speed will increase based on Dahlia's Max HP, with every 1000 Max HP causing an increase of 0.5%, up to a maximum of 20%.
Passive three
: Pilgrimage Upon Returning Winds -  During the day (06:00 – 18:00), your party members gain the Swift Stride effect and their Movement Speed is increased by 10%. This does not take effect in Domains, Trounce Domains, or Spiral Abyss, and Swift Stride does not stack.
Dahlia's Normal Attack - Favonius Bladework: Ritual
Dahlia performs up to four rapid strikes if tapping the normal attack button. Holding it down instead makes Dahlia consume a certain amount of Stamina to unleash two rapid sword strikes instead.
As with most plunging attacks, Dahlia plunges towards the ground from mid-air, damaging all opponents along the path, dealing AOE Damage upon impact with the ground.
Dahlia's Elemental Skill - Immersive Ordinance
Dahlia summons the Sacramental Shower in different ways depending on whether you tap or hold the Elemental Burst button:
Tap
- After a short prayer, Dahlia summons the Sacramental Shower in front of him.
Hold
- Dahlia engages in continuous prayer, and when done, summons forth a Sacramental Shower in the designated position.
Sacramental Shower
When opponents or nearby party members touch the Sacramental Shower, different effects will occur depending on the one who touches it:
If an opponent touches the Shower, it will explode and deal AOE Hydro Damage to nearby opponents.
If a nearby party member touches it, it will bounce the one who touches it high in the air.
Only one Sacramental Shower summoned by Dahlia himself can be on the field at once.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Dahlia's Elemental Burst - Radiant Psalter
Dahlia appeals to the divine with earnestness and song, dealing AOE Hydro Damage to nearby opponents and granting his party members Favonian Favor, summoning a Shield of Sacred Favor.
The Shield of Sacred Favor's damage absorption is based on Dahlia's Max HP, and it will absorb Hydro Damage with 250% effectiveness.
Favonian Favor
While this effect is active, one Benison stack may be consumed to summon a new Shield of Sacred Favor when an existing Shield expires or is broken via damage. Dahlia can obtain Benison via the following methods:
He will gain one Benison stack when his own active party member hits opponents four times with normal attacks while affected by Favonian Favor.
After triggering the effect of Dahlia's 'The Wind's Gentle Grace' Passive Talent.
Dahlia can gain a maximum of four Benison stacks per Favonian Favor duration.
Genshin Impact Dahlia Talent materials
Eroded Scale-Feather. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
To get the most out of using Dahlia, you will have to level his skills up by using Talent materials, which vary from character-to-character.
For Dahlia, you'll need to farm a lot of Arrowhead and Ballad materials (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade his capabilities.
As Dahlia has three Talents, you will have to spend three times the Talent materials listed below to fully upgrade all of his abilities, which we've also detailed below the table.
Here's what Dahlia Talent materials you need to improve one of his abilities:
Dahlia Talent level
Dahlia Talent materials
Mora cost
Level 2
x3 Teachings of Ballad, x6 Firm Arrowhead
12,500
Level 3
x2 Guide to Ballad, x3 Sharp Arrowhead
17,500
Level 4
x4 Guide to Ballad, x4 Sharp Arrowhead
25,000
Level 5
x6 Guide to Ballad, x6 Sharp Arrowhead
30,000
Level 6
x9 Guide to Ballad, x9 Sharp Arrowhead
37,500
Level 7
x4 Philosophies of Ballad, x4 Weathered Arrowhead, x1 Eroded Scale-Feather
120,000
Level 8
x6 Philosophies of Ballad, x6 Weathered Arrowhead, x1 Eroded Scale-Feather
260,000
Level 9
x12 Philosophies of Ballad, x9 Weathered Arrowhead, x2 Eroded Scale-Feather
450,000
Level 10
x16 Philosophies of Ballad, x12 Weathered Arrowhead, x2 Eroded Scale-Feather, x1 Crown of Insight
700,000
Here's what Talent Materials you'll need to fully upgrade
one
of Dahlia's skills:
x1 Crown of Insight
x3 Teachings of Ballad
x6 Firm Arrowhead
x6 Eroded Scale-Feather
x21 Guide to Ballad
x22 Sharp Arrowhead
x31 Weathered Arrowhead
x38 Philosophies of Ballad
1,652,500 Mora
To upgrade all
three
of Dahlia's skills, here's all the Talent Materials you'll need:
x3 Crown of Insight
x9 Teachings of Ballad
x18 Firm Arrowhead
x18 Eroded Scale-Feather
x63 Guide to Ballad
x66 Sharp Arrowhead
x93 Weathered Arrowhead
x114 Philosophies of Ballad
4,957,500 Mora
Version 6.4 Phase 2 sees the returning 5-Star
Skirk
and a rerun of
Escoffier
. 

So don't forget to redeem
new codes
for
Primogems
to help pull them, and check out our regularly updated
tier list
.

You need luck from the
Pity and 50/50 systems
to
Wish with Fate
for characters on
Banners
, and you always need the right
Adventure Rank
for events.

Elsewhere, we have
tips and tricks for beginners
.
Genshin Impact Dahlia Ascension materials
Calla Lily. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Just like Talents, you need to use Dahlia Ascension materials to upgrade his health, attack, defence, and critical hit effectiveness.
You'll need to farm a lot of Calla Lily and Arrowhead materials for Dahlia (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade his capabilities.
Unlike Talent materials, you only need to spend the below Ascension materials once to fully raise Dahlia to his highest character level. There is also Acquaint Fate rewarded for reaching certain Ascension levels. You can spend this Fate on the
standard and beginner Banners
to Wish for characters and weapons.
Here's what Dahlia Ascension materials and Mora you need to upgrade him for each Ascension level:
Dahlia Ascension level
Dahlia Ascension materials
Mora cost
Ascension reward
Level 20
x1 Varunada Lazurite Sliver, x3 Calla Lily, x3 Firm Arrowhead
20,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 40
x3 Varunada Lazurite Fragment, x2 Secret Source Airflow Accumulator, x10 Calla Lily, x15 Firm Arrowhead
40,000
None
Level 50
x6 Varunada Lazurite Fragment, x4 Secret Source Airflow Accumulator, x20 Calla Lily, x12 Sharp Arrowhead
60,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 60
x3 Varunada Lazurite Chunk, x8 Secret Source Airflow Accumulator, x30 Calla Lily, x18 Sharp Arrowhead
80,000
None
Level 70
x6 Varunada Lazurite Chunk, x12 Secret Source Airflow Accumulator, x45 Calla Lily, x12 Weathered Arrowhead
100,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 80
x6 Varunada Lazurite Gemstone, x20 Secret Source Airflow Accumulator, x60 Calla Lily, x24 Weathered Arrowhead
120,000
None
In total, here's
all the Ascension Materials
you need for Dahlia in Genshin Impact:
x1 Varunada Lazurite Sliver
x6 Varunada Lazurite Gemstone
x9 Varunada Lazurite Fragment
x9 Varunada Lazurite Chunk
x18 Firm Arrowhead
x30 Sharp Arrowhead
x36 Weathered Arrowhead
x46 Secret Source Airflow Accumulator
x168 Calla Lily
420,000 Mora
Genshin Impact Dahlia Constellations
By getting duplicates of Dahlia from wishing on Banners that include him, you will receive his Stella Fortuna. This material allows you to unlock Constellation levels, with each upgrade either improving an existing Talent or Passive ability.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Here are all of
Dahlia's Constellations in Genshin Impact
:
Infallible Procession (C1)
: Each time Dahlia gains one of his Elemental Burst Radiant Psalters's Benison stacks, he will regain 2.5 Elemental Energy.
Revelation of Mercy (C2)
: After Dahlia consumes his Elemental Burst Radiant Psalters's Benison stacks to summon a Shield of Sacred Favor, the character protected by said Shield will gain 25% increased Shield Strength for 12 seconds.
Windblume Offertory (C3)
: Increases the Level of Dahlia's Elemental Burst (Radiant Psalter) by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Collect of the Assembly (C4)
: The Favonian Favor from Dahlia's Elemental Burst (Radiant Psalter) lasts three more seconds.
Let It Be Subtly So (C5)
: Increases the Level of Dahlia's Elemental Skill (Immersive Ordinance) by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
You Shall Go Out With Joy (C6)
: The current active character affected by the Elemental Burst Radiant Psalters's Favonian Favor has their attack speed increased by 10%. Additionally, when an active character affected by Favonian Favor falls, Dahlia immediately revives them, restoring their HP to 100%. This effect can trigger once every 15 minutes.
Good luck levelling up Dahlia in Genshin Impact!