The Best Dahlia Build, Team, Weapon, And Artifacts Guide In Genshin Impact
By
Sanyam Jain
Published
Jun 23, 2025, 5:30 AM EDT
Sanyam Jain is a Staff Writer at TheGamer who has worked as a professional gaming journalist since 2022. A Journalism and Mass Communication graduate, he has been testing the limits of the games he plays for as long as he can remember.
An expert in RPG, Open-World, and Gacha games, Sanyam's articles are based on hours upon hours of testing with every new character, mechanic, or puzzle to ensure that you get every information you'll need about it.
Add Us On
Summary
Generate a summary of this story
Jump links
Jump Links
Dahlia Overview, Kit, And Talent Priority
Dahlia's Kit, Explained
Dahlia's Constellations, Explained
Dahlia Talent Priority
Best Dahlia Weapons
Best Dahlia Artifacts
Dahlia Artifact Stat Priority
Best Dahlia Teams
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Thread
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Whenever a new update rolls around in
Genshin Impact
, one of the main attractions is always the new five-star characters. However, you can also find various four-star units being released in the game. While there might be much lesser four-star releases compared to five-star, they still serve an important purpose.
Related
Genshin Impact: Skirk Build And Team Guide
Skirk is one of the most anticipated characters in Genshin Impact, and here are the best weapons and artifacts you can use to build the abyssal being.
Posts
1
By
Sanyam Jain
Unfortunately, Dahlia isn't one of those four-star characters as his kit holds him back quite a lot. While most units of this rarity can support their five-star counterpart quite well, Dahlia falls in the middle of nowhere. However, he can still be a decent character to build if you're an F2P player.
Dahlia Overview, Kit, And Talent Priority
Exploration
B- Tier
Spiral Abyss
C Tier
Imaginarium Theater
B+ Tier
Overall, Dahlia's kit is quite straightforward to understand. However, the lack of utility in his
kit also serves as the reason for his presence in the low tier
regardless of whether you're
using him in overworld combat
or endgame modes. Outside of providing a shield and ATK SPD for his party members, Dahlia doesn't do a lot.
This leaves him in a situation where there's almost always a better choice, even in the four-star roster. For example,
Diona or Layla can be used as the sustainer in Freeze-related teams instead of him
, and
Xingqiu can serve as the Hydro applicator
.
Dahlia's Kit, Explained
Apart from being a four-star, Dahlia also
has one of the smallest kit descriptions in the game
, making it easy to understand.
Dahlia's Elemental Skill can either be
auto-aimed at opponents by pressing or placed at a specific position by holding
. Whenever an opponent gets in contact with this Skill's spawn, an explosion occurs, dealing a bit of AoE damage. On the other hand,
if an ally gets in contact with it, they get launched
.
On the other hand, his Elemental Burst
summons a shield for all allies and gives them the Favonian Favor effect
. Dahlia's shield is more effective against Hydro DMG. He can also gain Benison stacks when an ally triggers the Frozen reaction or does four normal attacks on the enemy.
If your shield runs out, these Benison stacks can be used to
trigger another similar shield until the Burst duration runs out
. Furthermore, allies with the Favonian Favor effect have their ATK SPD increased based on Dahlia's Max HP (up to 40,000 HP).
Dahlia's Constellations, Explained
Since Dahlia is a four-star, you're bound to get him to constellation six eventually. Unfortunately,
his constellation won't help you much in battle outside of the last one
unless you're in the early game.
Dahlia
gets 2.5 Energy
upon gaining a Benison stack.
Using Dahlia's Benison stacks to summon a shield
gives the active ally 25 percent Shield Strength
.
Increases his Burst level by three.
The duration of his Elemental Burst
increases up to 15 seconds
.
Increases his Skill level by three.
Dahlia gives an additional 10 percent ATK SPD to the character under the Favonian Favor effect. Furthermore, he can
revive the first ally that gets downed in battle and fully restore their HP
. This can trigger once every 15 real-life minutes.
Dahlia Talent Priority
As you likely already understand
, Dahlia's Elemental Burst is the main part of his kit
, easily making it the priority for upgrades. Once you've upgraded that, you can focus on his Skill to get a bit of damage. You can completely ignore his Normal Attack since it doesn't do a lot.
Best Dahlia Weapons
One of the best things about Genshin Impact is that the
weapons you equip on support units
like Dahlia remain roughly the same, which means that you can just
upgrade some specific weapons and share them among different supports
. For Dahlia, the Favonius Sword serves as the best weapon since it can help him regenerate particles for the entire team.
However, you have a few other options based on your play style:
Weapon Name
Rarity
Synergy With Dahlia
Favonius Sword (Best)
Four-Star
Once fully upgraded, Favonius Sword has a whopping 61.3 percent Energy Recharge,
which will immensely help Dahlia and his team
with constant shielding.
Other than that, triggering Crit hits with this weapon can also generate six Energy particles, w
hich help with the Energy regeneration of the entire team
.
Key of Khaj-Nisut
Five-Star
If you simply want to make Dahlia's shield as beefy as possible,
you can do so with the 86 percent HP you get from this weapon's
secondary stat and passive. However, its passive is hard to trigger with Dahlia.
Sacrificial Sword
Four-Star
While Dahlia's Skill doesn't deal a lot of damage, it is still fast to trigger, and Sacrificial Sword will let you use it twice. This
will let you deal a bit more damage
and also regenerate his Energy faster.
Freedom-Sworn
Five-Star
While the Elemental Mastery from this weapon is largely useless on Dahlia, it can
let him give Normal Attack DMG and ATK boost
to his party after triggering two elemental reactions. This gives him the much-needed utility.
Festering Desire
Four-Star
Finally, if you got this weapon during its limited-time event,
it can serve as a decent F2P choice
if you don't have any of the above.
Best Dahlia Artifacts
When you equip
two or four pieces of the same artifact set on Dahlia
, you can get certain bonuses. Since he's a support character,
these bonuses will extend to the entire team
, which makes his artifact choice important. For Dahlia, Noblesse Oblige is undoubtedly the best artifact set, and you don't have a lot of other options:
Best Artifact Sets In Order
Synergy With Dahlia
Noblesse Oblige
With the four pieces of this artifact set, you can give your
entire team a 20 percent ATK boost simply by triggering your Burst
, which is the main ability for Dahlia.
Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City
This is the only alternative set you can use to get value from Dahlia,
though he can't use the two-piece and the second part of the four-piece
bonus from it. In the end, you'll be able to give your teammates a 12 percent Elemental DMG bonus with it.
Dahlia Artifact Stat Priority
One good thing about Dahlia being a support character without much damage is that his
artifact main and sub-stats are very easy to build
. Here's what you're looking for:
Sands
Energy Recharge
Goblet
HP Percent
Circlet
HP Percent
Sub-Stats
Energy Recharge, HP Percent, ATK Percent, Elemental Mastery (optional)
Even though his shield scales from his HP,
Dahlia can still use a bit of ATK Percent
to increase his overall damage.
Best Dahlia Teams
Dahlia Premium Team
Dahlia, Skirk, Escoffier, Furina
Dahlia F2P Team
Dahlia, Freminet, Sucrose, Rosaria/Chongyun
Dahlia F2P Team With Skirk
Dahlia, Skirk, Xingqiu, Chongyun
Before getting into the specifics of Dahlia's teams, it's important to mention that he's a sustainer without much Hydro application. While this holds him back in the endgame meta,
it can also be the reason for you to build him if you just started playing
since you can use him in any team to keep your characters alive.
However, if you're an old player and have better
all-rounder sustain options like Zhongli
,
the most viable Dahlia team is with Skirk, Escoffier, and Furina
. Generally, this team revolves around losing HP during Furina's Burst to gain DMG bonus on Skirk, and
healing that HP back up with Escoffier's Burst
in the next cycle.
Outside of healing, Escoffier can also
provide immense boosts to Skirk in this team
, who is the main DPS.
As you lose HP because of Furina,
your main DPS, Skirk, is left vulnerable with 50 percent HP on the field
. This is where Dahlia comes in as he can shield her from any damage while the other two supports keep up the buff cycle.
The Hydro Resonance also triggers in this team
, which further increases Furina's damage.
However, if you don't have these premium members, you can
replace them with Freminet, Rosaria/Chongyun, and Sucrose respectively
. Freminet can serve as a decent four-star DPS who benefits from both Cryo and Physical DMG bonus, which makes a constellation six Rosaria a perfect support in the team.
You can also use Chongyun to get an
extra ATK SPD bonus, which stacks with Dahlia's
, giving you up to 38 percent ATK SPD.
This can
be phenomenal for Freminet
since
his ATK SPD is inherently slow
due to being a Claymore user.
Next
Genshin Impact: Escoffier Team Composition Guide
Escoffier is a phenomenal Freeze support in Genshin Impact, and here are the best teams to use her in.
Posts
By
Sanyam Jain
Live-Service Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
26.3%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
19.8%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.1%
007 First Light
007 First Light
9.1%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.6%
Other
Other
21.1%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Final Fantasy 14's Next Raid Is An Evangelion Crossover
Nintendo Has Become The Master Of Announcing Things On Random Tuesdays
Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 Sells Eight Million Copies in One Year