The Best Builds, Light Cones, And Relics For The Dahlia In Honkai: Star Rail
By
Sanyam Jain
Published
Dec 18, 2025, 7:30 AM EST
Sanyam Jain is a Staff Writer at TheGamer who has worked as a professional gaming journalist since 2022. A Journalism and Mass Communication graduate, he has been testing the limits of the games he plays for as long as he can remember.
An expert in RPG, Open-World, and Gacha games, Sanyam's articles are based on hours upon hours of testing with every new character, mechanic, or puzzle to ensure that you get every information you'll need about it.
Add Us On
Summary
Generate a summary of this story
Jump links
Jump Links
Best Light Cones For The Dahlia
Best Relics And Planar Ornaments For The Dahlia
The Dahlia Relics, Ranked
The Dahlia Planar Ornaments, Ranked
The Dahlia Stat Priority
Best Team Compositions For The Dahlia
The Dahlia Overview And Trace Priority
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Thread
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
If you've been playing
Honkai: Star Rail
for a little while, you might already know that the meta of this game changes rapidly, with different play styles being popular based on the buffs provided by different endgame modes. One of the main factors changing the popularity of these play styles is the release of new characters.
This was proven by The Dahlia's release as a five-star Nihility character during Version 3.8. The break teams were highly used during the Penacony arc of the main story, but they went out of meta once Amphoreus released. Thankfully, The Dahlia makes these teams usable again with her mind-blowing abilities.
Best Light Cones For The Dahlia
The choice of a light cone can have a big impact on a character's effectiveness on your account in Honkai: Star Rail. While playing as The Dahlia, you should only use Nihility light cones with her so that she can utilize their passive, with
Never Forget Her Flame
being the best choice.
Apart from this light cone, her other options will see a
significant drop in the overall performance
, but not enough to make her unusable. Here are all your choices:
Light Cone
Synergy With The Dahlia
Never Forget Her Flame
This is undoubtedly the best light cone for The Dahlia as it gives her a whopping 60 percent Break Effect while also providing 32 percent Break DMG to her and
the main DPS that you trigger the combat with
.
Moreover, whenever she uses her Ultimate, she can recover one Skill Point as she implants weakness with it. This effect
triggers even if the enemy already has the respective weakness(es)
.
Long Road Leads Home
This light cone also gives her a 60 percent Break Effect. Moreover, when an enemy's weakness is broken, they take 18 percent extra Break DMG, which stacks up to two times.
Holiday Thermae Escapade
This is a battle pass light cone that can increase The
Dahlia's DMG by 32 percent while also inflicting 16 percent increased DMG taken
by the enemies at Superimposition Five when she attacks them.
Resolution Shines As Pearls of Sweat
This is one of the best four-star light cones to use on The Dahlia if you have it on high Superimposition as it can
let her reduce the enemy's DEF by 16 percent
, which stacks with her kit.
Before the Tutorial Mission Starts
Finally, if you managed to get this F2P light cone during its exclusive event, you can also use it to get some extra energy on The Dahlia
, which might be required depending on your build
.
Related
Honkai: Star Rail - Cerydra Build And Team Guide
Cerydra is the monarch of Amphoreus in Honkai: Star Rail, but she might not be as strong in battle without the right build.
Posts
By
Sanyam Jain
Best Relics And Planar Ornaments For The Dahlia
Relics and Planar Ornaments are the main methods to get most of your stat boosts on a character. Thankfully, The Dahlia is one of the few characters that doesn't need you to grind these days and nights, since her stat requirement isn't too high. However, it's still recommended to have the
Iron Cavalry Against the Scourge relic and Forge of the Kalpagni Lantern ornament
set on her for the best effect.
However, if you're in the early game, you have a few other choices:
The Dahlia Relics, Ranked
Rank
Name
Synergy With The Dahlia
1
Iron Cavalry Against the Scourge
This set increases The Dahlia's Break Effect by 16 percent while also letting he
r ignore ten percent of the enemy's DEF with her Break DMG
if she has over 150 percent Break Effect, which is easy to achieve.
Furthermore, with a 250 percent or higher Break Effect, she can
ignore an additional 15 percent of the enemy's DEF
with Super Break DMG.
2
Thief of Shooting Meteor
If you're in the early game, you can use this set on The Dahlia to get up to 32 percent Break Effect on her. You
can also get some free Energy
if you break the enemy's Weakness with her attacks.
The Dahlia Planar Ornaments, Ranked
Rank
Name
Synergy With The Dahlia
1
Forge of the Kalpagni Lantern
This ornament set can increase The Dahlia's SPD by six percent while also
giving her a massive 40 percent Break Effect
upon attacking an enemy with Fire Weakness, which happens quite often.
2
Talia: Kingdom of Banditry
This early game set can help you
increase her Break Effect by 36 percent
as long as you have over 145 SPD.
3
Sprightly Vonwacq
Finally, if you're having Energy problems with The Dahlia, this set can help you with it by
increasing her Energy Regeneration Rate by five percent
and advancing her action at the start of the action.
The Dahlia Stat Priority
Body
HP Percent/Effect Hit Rate
Feet
SPD
Sphere
HP/DEF Percent
Rope
Energy Regeneration Rate > Break Effect
Sub-Stats
SPD > Break Effect
Since The Dahlia is a support that
mostly scales on Break Effect
, you don't need a lot of other stats for her.
As for SPD,
160 is a good breakpoint
for this character.
Best Team Compositions For The Dahlia
The Dahlia PremiumTeam
The Dahlia, Firefly, Fugue, Lingsha
The Dahlia Alternate Team
The Dahlia, Rappa/Boothill, Fugue/Ruan Mei, Lingsha
The Dahlia F2P Team
The Dahlia, Xueyi/Misha, Pela, Gallagher
Since the Break play style was already established in Honkai: Star Rail with a bunch of DPS and support characters for it, The Dahlia has quite a few teams that she can be used in. However, you'll get the most value if you
use her in the team with Firefly, Fugue, and Lingsha
for a lot of reasons.
All the characters in this team share the same combat type as The Dahlia (Fire), which helps them get rid of the enemy's weakness bar very easily,
especially with the Fire Weakness implant with Firefly's technique
. Though you can beat the endgame just as easily by using Rappa or Boothill as the main Break DPS in these teams.
You can also replace Fugue with Ruan Mei in these teams to
have a whopping 100 percent Break efficiency
.
Finally, if you're planning to use The Dahlia in an F2P team, y
our best option for the main DPS is Xueyi
, with Misha also serving as a decent replacement. Pela can be the secondary support here due to her DEF shred from the Ultimate and
Gallagher is a great sustainer as he's also synergistic
with Break teams.
The Dahlia Overview And Trace Priority
Apart from being a significantly flexible character compared to a lot of recent releases in Honkai: Star Rail, The Dahlia also has a relatively easy kit to understand. Here's what you can expect from all her abilities:
The Dahlia's Skill is one of the most important parts of her kit as it not only increases all allies' Weakness Break efficiency by 50 percent, but also lets you deal Super Break DMG based on the enemy's Toughness reduction
even when they're not Weakness Broken
. This is the main mechanic that The Dahlia brings to the table, allowing characters to deal Break DMG even without Weakness Break.
With her Ultimate, The Dahlia can
deal damage to all enemies and reduce their DEF for four turns
. Moreover, she can implant her own and her Dance Partner's weakness (more on this below) on the enemy for this duration.
The Dahlia becomes Dance Partners with the character that starts the combat. If you get ambushed or The Dahlia herself starts combat, this effect goes to the character with the highest Break Effect.
You'd always want this effect on your main DPS
like Firefly, Rappa, Boothill, Anaxa, or Xueyi.
When any Dance Partner attacks a Weakness Broken enemy, they can deal Super Break DMG based on the toughness reduction. Moreover, The Dahlia can release a follow-up attack once every turn when her Dance Partner attacks the enemy.
This follow-up attack can also deal Super Break DMG to the enemy and
recover one Skill Point
. The second effect only triggers once every two attacks.
Upon entering combat, The Dahlia regenerates some Energy and
increases the team's Break Effect based on her own
. The second effect lasts for one turn but can be refreshed when she gets healed or shielded.
Even though The Dahlia's Skill has her main mechanic, it doesn't get a lot of buffs with talent upgrades since it only boosts her own multipliers. Instead, you should
focus on her Ultimate as the first set of upgrades
followed by her talent, and then the skill. Of course, you also have to unlock her bonus abilities whenever possible.
Next
Honkai: Star Rail - Evernight Build And Team Guide
Evernight is a five-star version of March 7th in Honkai: Star Rail, and you can get a ton of value from her in Remembrance teams.
Posts
By
Sanyam Jain
Live-Service Games
Honkai: Star Rail
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
26.2%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
19.7%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.2%
007 First Light
007 First Light
9.1%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.6%
Other
Other
21.1%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Octopath Traveler 0: Early Class Tier List
Persona 5 Royal: Best Party Setup For Each Palace
Baldur's Gate 3: Best Builds For Karlach