Genshin Impact: Best Team Comps For Heizou
By
Suki Newell
Published
Jul 20, 2022, 7:32 AM EDT
Suki Newell is a game features writer for Screen Rant and live streamer on Twitch. She resides in Upstate New York with her husband and two rescue dogs.
Sign in to your
ScreenRant
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Shikanoin Heizou is a new 4-star Anemo character in
Genshin Impact
, added as part of the game's 2.8 update. Wielding a Catalyst weapon, Heizou brings a unique
combat style to
Genshin Impact
, kicking and punching enemies rather than attacking from afar like other Catalyst users. Every kick and punch Heizou throws is infused with Anemo, effortlessly triggering elemental reactions with his teammates' elements. Paired with above-average base ATK stats for a 4-star playable character, Heizou is a welcome addition to
Genshin Impact
's character roster.
By holding down the corresponding button, players can charge Heizou's Elemental Skill, Heartstopper, a powerful punch that will often send enemies flying. Alternatively, instead of holding down the button, players can Swirl using Heizou in quick succession to gain Declension. As his Declension stacks,
Heizou's Elemental Skill damage
and area of effect increases. Heizou's Elemental Burst sees him leap into the air to perform Windermuster Kick, kicking a ball of Anemo towards enemies which explodes upon impact, dealing damage and creating a wind tunnel that pulls enemies in.
Related:
Genshin Impact 3.0 Leaks: What Tighnari, Dori, & Collei Look Like
Due to his unique combat style and strong ATK stats, Heizou is well suited to the Main DPS role. As Heizou excels at triggering elemental reactions, and Anemo reacts with every element except Geo currently, he is incredibly versatile when it comes to team builds. One of the most popular team compositions for Shikanoin Heizou is using
Genshin Impact
's National Team build
, a free-to-play friendly team that pairs Heizou with fellow 4-star characters. With Heizou as the Main DPS, Xingqiu and Xiangling act as Sub-DPS, and Bennett provides healing as the Support. In addition to Swirl, this team triggers Vaporize, dealing amplified Pyro and Hydro DMG.
Genshin Impact: Best Team Compositions For Shikanoin Heizou
Another popular option for team compositions using Shikanoin Heizou is an Electro-Charged team. Electro-Charged, the elemental reaction between Electro and Hydro, is a powerful reaction that deals Electro DMG to opponents affected by Electro-Charged, as well as any nearby opponents that are affected by the Wet status effect. Here are some options for using Heizou in an Electro-Charged team:
Option #1
:
Heizou
(Main DPS),
Xingqiu
(Sub-DPS),
Beidou
(Sub-DPS), and
Fischl
(Support). Another F2P-friendly Heizou team, this team focuses on
Genshin Impact
's Swirl and Electro-Charged Elemental Reactions
, with the added benefit of Beidou's shields. Beidou or Fischl can be swapped for Kuki Shinobu to have Healer in the team.
Option #2
:
Heizou
(Main DPS),
Raiden Shogun
(Sub-DPS),
Yae Miko
(Sub-DPS),
Kokomi
(Support/Healer). Heizou, Raiden, and Yae all turns on-field dealing DMG, while Kokomi applies the Wet status effect to nearby enemies, continuously triggering Electro-Charged reactions.
Shikanoin Heizou is an exciting addition to
Genshin Impact
, bringing a fighting style that's uniquely his own. With the introduction of Heizou,
Genshin Impact
broadens its character roster, opening up a world of possibility when it comes to combat. Heizou demonstrates that the popular game can continue to deliver distinctive and interesting 4-star characters even without adding new elements or
weapon types to
Genshin Impact
.
Next:
Sumeru Could Be Genshin Impact's Largest Region Yet
Gaming
Game Guides
PC Games
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Trending Now
GTA 6 Step Aside, GTA: Carcer City Just Landed
PlayStation Plus Gamers Praise "10/10" Free Open-World RPG
Taylor Sheridan's Underrated 3-Part Action Series Gets Exciting "Minefield" Story Return Tease From Major Star