Trending
The Boys Season 5
Windrose
Invincible Season 4
Twitch
Overwatch
Gaming
Genshin Impact
Best Kirara Genshin Impact build: Artifacts, weapons, more
by
Rishov Mukherjee
Published:
May 24, 2023, 15:38
Save for later
Save for later
HoYoverse
Get Notifications for Gaming News
Kirara
is the brand new 4-star Dendro sword user who has been added to
Genshin Impact
alongside the version 3.7 update Her primary function is to act as a shielder and she is exceptionally good at that job when using the best build.
Kirara’s shield will protect you from all forms of incoming damage, especially if it is
Dendro
in nature. This includes both Dendro cores formed during Bloom reactions or attacks from enemies using the aforementioned element.
Article continues after ad
She might not be as all-purpose as
Zhongli
, but she perfectly fits into every Dendro team and is a really good pick-up in the current meta of Genshin Impact. Hence, if you happened to get Kirara while pulling for
Yae Miko
or
Yoimiya
, then you have one of the best shielders in
the game
in your possession.
However, just like every character, you need to build her to make her function in an optimal manner. Hence, here is our guide to the best Kirara build in Genshin Impact covering her Artifacts, weapons, constellations, talents, and more.
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
Contents
Kirara Talents
Kirara Constellations
Kirara Artifacts
Kirara Weapons
Kirara Talent and Ascension Materials
Kirara Trailer
Kirara Best Team Comp
Kirara’s Talents in Genshin Impact
Kirara’s shield is quite good in Genshin Impact
Basic Attack- Boxcutter
Normal Attack: Kirara performs 4 rapid strikes
Charged Attack: Kirara consumes her stamina to unleash 3 rapid claw strikes
Plunging Attack: Kirara plunges from mid-air and strikes the ground below her while damaging opponents along the way. She also deals AoE DMG upon impact.
Elemental Skill- Meow-teor Kick
Kirara flies into the air and hits her foes with a flying kick and deals Dendro damage to them.
She also creates a Shield of Safe Transport that absorbs Dendro DMG with 250% effectiveness.
The DMG absorption of the shield will depend on Kirara’s maximum HP stats.
Upon holding the skill Kirara creates a similar shield as mentioned before and turns enters the Urgent Neko Parcel state
In the Urgent Neko Parcel state, Kirara’s movement speed, climbing speed, and stamina consumption is increased
She also deals Dendro DMG to enemies she crashes into while in the Urgent Neko Parcel state.
Elemental Burst- Secret Art: Surprise Dispatch
Kirara will smash her opponents with a Special Delivery Package and deal AoE Dendro damage. This package further explodes and splits into Cat Grass Cardamoms which explode when in contact with enemies or after a certain amount of time and deal AoE Dendro Damage.
Kirara’s Constellations in Genshin Impact
Kirara has some really powerful Constellations in the game
Level 1- Material Circulation
: Kirara will create one extra Cat Grass Cardamom upon using Secret Art: Surprise Dispatch for every 8000 HP she possesses. She can create a maximum of 4 this way.
Level 2- Perfectly Packaged
: When in Urgent Neko Parcel state, Kirara will grant all party members she crashes into Critical Transport Shields which will have a DMG absorption equivalent to 40% of the normal shield and will absorb Dendro DMG worth 250%.
Level 3- Universal Recognition
: Increases the level of Elemental Skill by +3, up to a maximum of level 15.
Level 4- Speed of Skanda
: When an active character protected by Kirara’s shield deals a Normal, Charged, or Plunging attack to an enemy, Kirara will perform a coordinated attack and deal Dendro DMG equivalent to 200% of her ATK stats.
Level 5- A Thousand Miles a Day
: Elemental Burst increased by +3, up to a maximum of level 15.
Level 6- Countless Sights to See
: All party members gain a 12% All Elemental DMG bonus after Kirara uses her Elemental DMG or burst within 15 seconds.
Best Artifacts for Kirara in Genshin Impact
Noblesse Oblige is the best artifact for Kirara
Kirara has decent variety when it comes to artifact sets in Genshin Impact. The best-in-slot artifact set for Kirara’s build will be
Noblesse Oblige
. This artifact set increases her own Elemental Burst DMG and also enhances the ATK of everyone in the party upon using the same.
Related
Best Sparxie Honkai Star Rail build: Team, Light Cones, Eidolons, and Abilities
Best Yao Guang Honkai Star Rail build: Team, Light Cones, Eidolons, and Abilities
Best Saber Honkai Star Rail build: Relics, Light Cones & team comp
Article continues after ad
The second best artifact set for Kirara’s build that you can use will be
Deepwood Memories
. This artifact set will increase Dendro DMG bonus for Kirara and also applies Dendro DMG RES shred on all enemies hit by the elemental skill or burst of the wearer.
However, the second artifact set is not recommended since you will probably be using Nahida or Dendro Traveler for application as well as resistance shred. In that case, two characters using Deepwood Memories is detrimental since the effects do not stack.
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
Thus, Kirara is better off with the
Noblesse Oblige
as it is the perfect support artifact. The set bonus for both these artifact sets are provided below:
Artifacts
Set Bonuses
Noblesse Oblige
2-piece bonus
: Elemental Burst DMG +20%,
4-piece bonus
: After using an Elemental Burst, all party members gain a 20% ATK buff for 12 seconds.
Deepwood Memories
2-piece bonus:
Dendro DMG bonus +15%,
4-piece bonus
: After using the elemental skill or burst on enemies, the Dendro resistance of the targets reduces by 30% of 8 seconds. Effect triggers even if the wearer is off the field.
Best Weapons for Kirara in Genshin Impact
Sacrificial Sword is a must-have weapon for Kirara
Kirara is a support character which means that she benefits from everything that offers Energy Recharge. Hence, the best weapons for Kirara’s build in the game are
Sacrificial Sword
and
Favonius Sword
.
Sacrificial sword offers Energy Recharge to Kirara and resets the cooldown of her Elemental skill depending upon the refinement level of the weapon. Favonius sword also offers Energy Recharge, but it generates Elemental Particles for the rest of the party upon CRIT hits.
Article continues after ad
The stats for both of these weapons have been provided in the table below:
Weapon
Bonus
Sacrificial Sword
Dealing Damage to an opponent with an elemental skill has a 40%-80% chance to reset its own CD every 30 seconds
Favonius Sword
CRIT hits on the enemies have a 60%-100% chance to create Elemental Particles and regenerate 6 Energy every 6 seconds.
Kirara Talent Level up and Ascension Materials in Genshin Impact
Kirara’s talent and ascension materials can be found spread across Sumeru and Inazuma. Her ascension requires an item called Evergloom Ring that is dropped by the boss named
Inquisitous Baptists
. Her talents require an item called Everamber that is dropped by the weekly boss named
Guardian of Apep’s Oasis
.
Article continues after ad
Apart from that, she requires Amakumo Fruit which can be found in Inazuma, and Spectral Husk which is dropped by Specters in the same region. Lastly, she also requires Dendro gemstones which can be obtained from the Dendro Hypostasis.
Article continues after ad
Kirara Talent Level-up Materials
TALENT LEVEL-UP MATERIALS
Talent Level-up Materials
Teachings of Transcience x9
Guide to Transcience x63
Philosophies of Transcience x114
Common Materials
Spectral Husk x18
Spectral Heart x66
Spectral Nucleus x93
Weekly Boss Materials
Everamber x18
Kirara Ascension Materials
Ascension Level
Mora
Materials
1
20,000
Nagadus Emerald Silver x1
–
Amakumo Fruit x3
Spectral Husk x3
2
40,000
Nagadus Emerald Fragment x3
Evergloom Ring x2
Amakumo Fruit x10
Spectral Husk x15
3
60,000
Nagadus Emerald Fragment x6
Evergloom Ring x4
Amakumo Fruit x20
Spectral Heart x12
4
80,000
Nagadus Emerald Chunk x3
Evergloom Ring x8
Amakumo Fruit x30
Spectral Heart x18
5
100,000
Nagadus Emerald Chunk x6
Everygloom Ring x12
Amakumo Fruit x45
Spectral Nucleus x12
6
120,000
Nagadus Emerald Gemstone x6
Evergloom Ring x20
Amakumo Fruit x60
Spectral Nucleus x24
Kirara-Trailer-in-Genshin-Impact
On
May 19, 2023
, HoYoverse officially released the trailer for Kirara on their YouTube channel. If you missed out on the same, you can check it out here by clicking on the link below:
Kirara Best Team Comp in Genshin Impact
Tighnari is a really good team member for Kirara in Genshin Impact
Kirara excels in those teams where she can protect an on-field hyper-carry. Hence, her best team partners in Genshin Impact are
Tighnari
, Yae Miko, and
Nahida
.
In this team, Kirara will protect all three characters from incoming damage, especially if it is Dendro in nature.
Article continues after ad
Apart from that, Kirara also functions extremely well in a team with
Nilou
, Nahida, and
Kokomi
. This is the exclusive Bloom team where the Dendro cores can deal damage to the allies upon explosion. Kirara’s Dendro shield will ensure that the party does not take too much damage.
Article continues after ad
Lastly, Kirara will also be good in a team with
Alhaitham
, Yae Miko, and Nahida
. This team performs in the exact same way as Tighnari’s team. However, since Alhaitham is a melee character, you will benefit a lot more from Kirara’s shield in this case.
Article continues after ad
Hence, that completes our guide for the best Kirara build in Genshin Impact. If you found it informative, then please look into some of our other guides at Dexerto.
All Electro characters in Genshin Impact
|
All Cryo characters in Genshin Impact
|
Games like Genshin Impact
|
Best Barbara build in Genshin Impact
|
Best Genshin Impact Wish Simulators
|
Genshin Impact stats tracker
|
Is Genshin Impact cross-platform?
|
All free characters in Genshin Impact
|
Genshin Impact pick rates
|
What is Pity in Genshin Impact?
|
Where to get Radish in Genshin Impact
|
Where to find your screenshot folder in Genshin Impact
|
Best Diluc build in Genshin Impact
Article continues after ad
More
Genshin Impact
News
Add as a preferred source on Google
Follow on Google News
Featured Articles
Roblox
Devil Hunter codes
Assassin's Creed
Assassin’s Creed Black Flag Resynced finally revealed with major gameplay overhaul
Roblox
Massacre codes (April 2026)
Roblox
Fistborn codes (April 2026)
Food
White Castle bringing sliders to 1,000 hospitals & colleges with new vending machines
Sign up to Dexerto
For The latest News, Views & Reviews
Better Reading Experience
|
Save Your Favourite Items
Sign up