The cat-eared character that was leaked a while ago has finally made her way to Genshin Impact and goes by the name
Kirara
. She is a 4-star Dendro character in the game and is a Sword user. She was available to pull from her banner, and if you were able to pull her successfully, you must build her with the best weapon, artifacts, and team composition to get the most out of them. You can have a look at her best build and team composition below.
Best Kirara Build in Genshin Impact
Best Kirara Build and Team in Genshin Impact. (Picture: HoYoverse)
HoYoverse has revealed all the details about Kirara, and
based on her abilities
, she is best suited for the shield support role in the party, and here are the best weapon and artifacts you can use to build her.
Best Weapon
Key Of Khaj-Nisut will be the best-suited weapon for Kirara; however, if you can’t get your hands on it, you can also go with Skyward Blade.
Key Of Khaj-Nisut
HP increased by 20%. When an Elemental Skill hits opponents, you gain the Grand Hymn effect for 20s. This effect increases the equipping character’s Elemental Mastery by 0.12% of their Max HP. This effect can trigger once every 0.3s. Max 3 stacks. When this effect gains 3 stacks, or when the third stack’s duration is refreshed, the Elemental Mastery of all nearby party members will be increased by 0.2% of the equipping character’s max HP for 20s.
Skyward Blade
CRIT Rate increased by 4/5/6/7/8%. Gains Skypiercing Might upon using an Elemental Burst: Increases Movement SPD by 10%, increases ATK SPD by 10% and increases the DMG of Normal and Charged Attack hits by 20/25/30/35/40% for 12s.
Best Artifacts
Tenacity of the Millelith (4-piece) is the best artifact set for Kirara, but if you don’t have it, you can go with Retracing Bolide (4-piece).
Tenacity of the Millelith
2-Piece Bonus:
HP +20%
4-Piece Bonus:
When an Elemental Skill hits an opponent, the ATK of all nearby party members is increased by 20% and their Shield Strength is increased by 30% for 3s. This effect can be triggered once every 0.5s. This effect can still be triggered even when the character who is using this artifact set is not on the field.
Retracing Bolide
2-Piece Bonus:
Increases Shield Strength by 35%.
4-Piece Bonus:
While protected by a shield, gain an additional 40% Normal and Charged Attack DMG.
Kirara will be a 4-star character in Genshin Impact. (Picture: HoYoverse)
Best Kirara Team Composition in Genshin Impact
In order to get the most out of Kirara, we recommend you include Electro, Hydro, and Pyro characters in the team to trigger Catalyze, Bloom, and Burning reactions that will increase the damage and its duration. In addition to this, these elements are also enough to trigger Dendro reactions like Spread, Hyperbloom, etc., to deal bonus damage.
For the Electro character, you can pick Raiden Shogun, who will also be the team’s DPS, and to fill up the space of a Pyro character, Xiangling or Bennett will be good choices. Apart from this, you can pick Kokomi, who will act as a healer for the team, or you can also go with Ayato if you want another DPS in the team.
Thus, the best team composition for Kirara in Genshin Impact will be Raiden Shogun, Xiangling/Bennett, and Kokomi/Ayato.