The Best Party Setups For Kirara In Genshin Impact
By
Sanyam Jain
Published
Jun 6, 2023, 1:46 PM EDT
Sanyam Jain is a Staff Writer at TheGamer who has worked as a professional gaming journalist since 2022. A Journalism and Mass Communication graduate, he has been testing the limits of the games he plays for as long as he can remember.
An expert in RPG, Open-World, and Gacha games, Sanyam's articles are based on hours upon hours of testing with every new character, mechanic, or puzzle to ensure that you get every information you'll need about it.
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Quickened Kitty
Kirara's Bloom Team
Grouped Hyperbloom
DPS Kirara Build
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Whenever you get a new character in
Genshin Impact
, you have to go through a long process to build them up. This includes farming different materials to upgrade them, choosing their weapon, and farming the best artifacts for them. After all this, the next step is to choose the team you want to put the character in.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Ascension Materials For Kirara
Kirara is a four-star Dendro character wielding a Sword as her weapon. She was first introduced during the Summoner's Duel event for TCG in the Version 3.7 update, and here's how you can build teams around her.
Quickened Kitty
Kirara
Yae Miko
Raiden Shogun
Nahida
Ever since the release of Dendro, the Quicken reactions have slowly become more and more popular.
This reaction is triggered whenever Dendro and Electro are applied to the target at the same time
, which leads to further reactions. The damage for the next Electro or Dendro attack is increased heavily,
triggering the Aggravate and Spread reactions respectively
.
The hold stance of Kirara's Elemental Skill
can deal constant Dendro damage to nearby opponents
, with a chance to trigger a Dendro attack every 0.5 seconds. This attack doesn't deal a lot of damage, but it can serve as a great way to let the Electro attacks trigger Quicken and Aggravate for the team.
Usually, you'd rely on the Spread damage of your team when you have Nahida,
but this team increases your Electro characters' damage as well
.
Yae Miko and Raiden Shogun mainly serve as off-field Electro damage characters with their Elemental Skills, but
you can also use the Shogun to allow your party members to trigger extra Elemental Bursts
. Since you don't have much control over the application of elements, Nahida can serve as the Spread DPS in case you trigger that reaction.
The rotation for this team is quite simple, and here's what it looks like:
Start off by using
Nahida's and Raiden's Elemental Skill since they last for the longest time
. You can also use Nahida's Elemental Burst if you have it. Although, this will increase your chances of triggering Spread.
Use
Yae Miko's Elemental Skill next and place all three kitsune near the enemies
. You'll start dealing quite a lot of damage at this point already.
Finally, switch over to Kirara and use her Elemental Burst and then the Skill.
Make sure you trigger the hold stance of her Skill
so that you can move around in the cat form and constantly apply Dendro.
Once the cat state ends, switch over to Yae Miko and Raiden Shogun in that order to use their Bursts and repeat the cycle.
You can replace Yae Miko with
another off-field Electro damage character like Fischl
, but you'll get much less value.
Moreover,
Nahida can be switched for an Anemo crowd-controlling unit
if you want to deal some damage with Kirara's Burst.
This team
usually works best against a boss enemy
since you'll be able to avoid their damage using Kirara's shield and your off-field damage will always go to the same enemy.
Kirara's Bloom Team
Kirara
Nilou
Sangonomiya Kokomi
Dendro Traveler
Bloom might not have been one of the best reactions when it was first released, but Nilou changed that quite fast.
She has a special passive that turns the normal Dendro Cores into Bountiful Cores
. These cores blow up much faster and deal higher damage to the surrounding enemies and allies.
Needless to say,
Nilou is vital for this team since you won't be able to get nearly as much value
without her.
Moreover, you can only have Dendro and Hydro characters here since her passive doesn't work otherwise.
Kirara's shield will ideally be strong enough for you to not take any damage, but
Kokomi is still the best character for this team because of her constant Hydro application with the Skill
. You can also consider replacing some of Kirara's HP with Elemental Mastery here if you're planning to use Kokomi.
This team can work against both single-target boss enemies and a group of smaller enemies, though
you might suffer from the lack of grouping abilities if the enemies are far away from each other
. As for the rotation, you can start off by using Nilou's Skill's Flower stance and then use Kokomi's Skill and Dendro Traveler's Skill and Burst in any order.
You'll
need a lot of Energy Recharge on the Dendro Traveler for this team
since it's necessary to have your Burst up constantly.
Finally, switch over to Kirara and use her Elemental Burst and Skill to trigger a ton of Blooms. Kirara's shield and Kokomi's heal will also
help you negate the damage from Bountiful Cores taken by your team
.
Grouped Hyperbloom
Kirara
Kamisato Ayato
Venti
Kuki Shinobu
As mentioned above, the Bloom reaction triggers when Hydro meets Dendro, which forms a Dendro Core on the ground. If you apply Electro to this core before it explodes,
it converts into a special particle that deals damage to one enemy at random
. This is what will make this team very fun to play.
The first two teams suffered from a lack of crowd-controlling abilities, which made them only good if you were fighting bosses with high HP. Venti solves that problem in this team
as he can group up most of the smaller enemies in the game
. Moreover, he can also group up the Dendro Cores and Kirara's Burst Cinnamons.
Kamisato Ayato works as a Hydro applicator in the team, but
you can replace him with Sangonomiya Kokomi or Barbara as well
.
Finally, Kuki Shinobu is an integral part of the team as
her Skill constantly deals AoE Electro damage, which also affects the Dendro Cores in the area
. Of course, you can also put Yae Miko or Raiden Shogun in the team since you won't need the heal from Kuki, especially if you're using Kokomi as well.
Here's the easiest way to perform the rotations in this team:
Start off by using Ayato's Elemental Burst to trigger the Hydro application.
You'll need a very high Energy Recharge to make this character viable
in this team.
Next,
use Kuki Shinobu's Skill and Burst followed by Venti's abilities
. This will start triggering the Electro-charged reaction while Venti also groups up the enemies.
Finally,
switch over to Kirara and use her Elemental Skill and Burst
. This will allow you to deal constant Dendro damage and trigger Hyperbloom.
You can also think about
putting Favonius Bow on Venti as this can help with the Energy Recharge
of all characters.
DPS Kirara Build
Kirara
Bennett
Zhongli
Collei
Even if a certain character has Support abilities in Genshin Impact, you'd always want to try and build them as a DPS because of the freedom given by the game. Luckily,
Kirara's scaling allows her to be quite a decent DPS in the correct team
. This team will mostly focus on her personal Dendro damage.
Bennett is a staple damage buffer in the game as he gives a significant ATK boost whenever a character is in his Elemental Burst. Moreover,
Zhongli reduces the opponents' Dendro RES when you're near them with his barrier
. These two are enough to give Kirara all the buffs she needs.
Collei will be a Dendro battery in the team to get Kirara's Burst faster,
which is why it's recommended to use Sacrificial or Favonius Bow on her
.
Even after having Collei as a battery, you'll still need some Energy Recharge on Kirara. Although, you don't have to build any HP on her since her DMG scales on ATK and
you don't need her shield to be tanky with Bennett's healing and Zhongli's barrier
. This allows you to focus on ATK, Crit Rate, and Crit DMG when it comes to her weapons and artifacts.
Most of your damage will come out of Kirara's Burst,
but you can also try to use the press stance of her Skill to get some extra
. This might not be the most efficient team for Kirara, but it'll be a lot more fun. If you have enough Energy Recharge on Kirara, you can also replace Collei with an Electro character to trigger Spread with her Burst.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: Best Builds For Kirara
Live-Service Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
26.3%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
19.7%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.0%
007 First Light
007 First Light
9.2%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.7%
Other
Other
21.1%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Saros Review - If At First You Don't Succeed, Die, Die Again
Fans Are Surprisingly Okay With Steven Yeun's Replacement In Invincible VS
Battlefield Is Reportedly Getting A Film Adaptation, Just Like Call Of Duty