Some recent Genshin Impact leaks have revealed the upcoming character Kirara’s Ascension Materials.
Genshin Impact is an action-adventure game developed by HoYoverse, previously known as MiHoYo. The game is free to play with a gacha monetization system, meaning players can spend real-world currency to buy primogems and wish for their favorite characters and weapons.
Players can choose to play the game completely free to play and achieve all the characters and weapons, albeit at a much slower pace. Usually, players spend months hoarding primogems to wish for their favorite characters and their weapons. But at the same time, leveling a character is not easy because the resources needed to ascend characters and weapons are time-gated behind resin. Each day a finite amount of resin accumulates, and players need to spend resin to get loot and drops from bosses and domains.
So many players like to prefarm for a character even before release so they don’t have to wait for months to upgrade their favorite character with proper equipment.
With the announcement of the newest upcoming character Kirara, many in the Genshin community are hyped. Kirara is a dendro 4* sword character and provides shields for her team, so she can be an excellent dendro support for people that don’t want to pull for Baizhu.
So, this guide will help the players who want to prefarm for Kirara by showing all of her ascension and talent materials and making their life a little bit easier.
Read More:
Genshin Impact 3.7 New Upcoming 4* Character Kirara Element, Abilities, Birthday, Weapon, and Constellations Revealed
Kirara Ascension Materials
Below are all the ascension materials needed to level up your Kirara to max level 90, as well as her talents:
Nagadus Emerald Gems:
Nagadus Emerald Sliver x1
Nagadus Emerald Fragment x9
Nagadus Emerald Chunk x9
Nagadus Emerald Gemstone x6
Spectre Drops:
Spectral Husk x36
Spectral Heart x96
Spectral Nucleus x129
Talent Books:
Teachings of Transience x9
Guide to Transience x96
Philosophies of Transience x129
Amakumo fruit x168
Quelled Creeper x46
Everamber x18
Mora 7.1M
Kirara Ascension and Talent Materials Credit: Twitter
These are all the things Kirara wanters will need to max her to level 90 immediately after getting her from the event wish banner in Genshin Impact 3.7.
Read More:
Genshin Impact 3.7 Beta Test: Application Deadline, Requirements, How to Apply, and More