Genshin Impact: Hu Tao Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
By
Christina Roffe
Published
Jan 9, 2023, 6:00 PM EST
Christina Roffe is a Guides Specialist from the United States. She has experience writing on games ranging from Nintendo titles to PlayStation titles. She is especially knowledgeable in anything Nintendo and Genshin Impact. Building new characters in Genshin Impact is one of her favorite things to do.
Sign in to your
DualShockers
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Hu Tao's Best Builds & Artifact Sets
Hu Tao's Best 5-Star & 4-Star Weapons
Hu Tao's Best Team Compositions
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Hailing from the region of Liyue in
Genshin Impact
, Hu Tao is the 77th director of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor who also works as a famous poet on the side, with her works spreading far across the city.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Faruzan Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Hu Tao is a
5-Star Pyro character
, wielding a Polearm. She can serve as one of the best Main DPS characters on your team, with
impressive CRIT stats and attacks.
To increase the damage she deals, use our build guide below.
Hu Tao's Best Builds & Artifact Sets
Hu Tao is strongest when she is the
leading role of Main DPS
, due to her
incredible base CRIT stats, attack, and Elemental Burst DMG.
She is known for her Charged Attacks especially, dealing significant damage to opponents. Here is the best artifact set for her to build on her abilities.
4-Set Of Crimson Witch Of Flames
A 2-Set of Crimson Witch of Flames will give Hu Tao an increase of 15 percent to her Pyro DMG Bonus. The 4-Set will increase Overloaded, Burning, and Burgeon DMG by 40 percent. It will also increase Vaporize and Melt DMG by 15 percent. Using an Elemental Skill will increase the effects from the 2-Set by 50 percent for 10 seconds with a maximum of 3 stacks. Crimson Witch of Flames is ideal for
increasing the Pyro DMG that enemies will endure from Hu Tao's Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst,
as well as
enhance the included Elemental Reactions she will create.
Based on her talents, here are the main stats and substats you should choose for your artifacts.
Type of Artifact
Main Stat
Substats
Sands of Eon
HP%
CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, HP%, Elemental Mastery
Goblet of Eonothem
Pyro DMG Bonus
CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, HP%, Elemental Mastery
Circlet of Logos
CRIT Rate or CRIT DMG
CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, HP%, Elemental Mastery
The damage dealt from Hu Tao's Elemental Skill scales on her max HP,
so make sure to focus on this stat in her artifact build to enhance her damage. Otherwise, focus on the usual CRIT stats that are required of Main DPS characters to deal as much damage as possible when she is active on the field. The addition of Elemental Mastery will help
increase the damage of the Elemental Reactions Hu Tao creates,
which already has a boost from the bonus skills of Crimson Witch of Flames.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Yelan Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Hu Tao's Best 5-Star & 4-Star Weapons
Similar to other popular Main DPS characters,
Hu Tao works best with
weapons that increase her CRIT Rate
or CRIT DMG.
As you ascend her, she will already have a significant boost to her CRIT DMG, so make sure to choose the right weapon based on which of her stats she is lacking in the most.
5-Star Weapons: Staff Of Homa & Staff Of The Scarlet Sands
Staff of Homa will give Hu Tao a base bonus of 14.4 percent to her CRIT DMG. Its Bonus Skill will increase HP by 20 percent. It will also provide an ATK Bonus based on 0.8 percent of Hu Tao's max HP. When her HP is less than 50 percent, this ATK Bonus is increased by an additional 1 percent of max HP. This is by far the best weapon for Hu Tao, and if you can get your hands on it, she will be unstoppable. She already has a Passive Talent called
'Sanguine Rouge', which will increase her Pyro DMG Bonus by 33 percent whenever her HP is equal to or less than 50 percent.
With this weapon, she will have
two buffs whenever her HP is low.
Staff of the Scarlet Sands will give Hu Tao a base increase of 9.6 percent to her CRIT Rate. Its Bonus Skill will allow Hu Tao to gain 52 percent of her Elemental Mastery as bonus ATK. When Hu Tao's Elemental Skill hits opponents, the Dream of the Scarlet Sands effect will occur for 10 seconds. This effect will allow Hu Tao to gain 28 percent of her Elemental Mastery as Bonus ATK, with a maximum of 3 stacks. If you can't get Staff of Homa, this weapon is a solid alternative. It will
greatly increase the damage from any Elemental Reactions that Hu Tao creates with her teammates.
4-Star Weapons: Deathmatch & Prototype Starglitter
Deathmatch will give Hu Tao a base increase of 8 percent to her CRIT Rate. Its Bonus Skill will increase ATK and DEF by 16 percent whenever there are at least 2 enemies nearby. If there are less than 2 enemies, ATK will increase by 24 percent. Deathmatch is a great option to
increase the damage dealt from Hu Tao's Normal Attack and Charged Attack,
which can take out enemies while waiting for Hu Tao's Elemental Skill and Burst to recharge.
Prototype Starglitter will give Hu Tao a base increase of 7.5 percent to her Energy Recharge. Its Bonus Skill will increase Normal and Charged Attack DMG by 8 percent for 12 seconds after using an Elemental Skill. This has a maximum of 2 stacks. Prototype Starglitter is the
best Free-to-Play option for Hu Tao, and has a fantastic Bonus Skill to increase the damage of her Normal and Charged Attacks.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Zhongli Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Hu Tao's Best Team Compositions
Hu Tao is the type of character that can take up most of the time on the field due to the
insane amount of damage she can deal alone.
Her team members are mostly there to
create Elemental Reactions, especially Vaporize.
Here are the best 5-Star and 4-Star teams for her.
5-Star Team
This team will focus on
creating the Vaporize Reaction using both Hu Tao and Yelan.
The other two characters are here to
support Hu Tao and provide shielding as well as Crowd Control
to help her when dealing damage to single targets.
Character
Character Type and Benefits
Yelan
Sub-DPS, Can provide consistent Hydro application and DMG to create Vaporize Reaction.
Zhongli
Support, Can provide strong shields and petrify enemies with Elemental Burst.
Kazuha
Support, Can provide Crowd Control and increase damage from Elemental Reactions with Swirl.
4-Star Team
Similar to the 5-Star Team,
Hu Tao and Xingqiu will be the lead roles and create the Vaporize Reaction together.
Sucrose and Thoma will provide additional support
, protecting Hu Tao with shields and gathering enemies together with Crowd Control.
Character
Character Type and Benefits
Xingqiu
Sub-DPS, Can provide consistent off-field Hydro DMG to create Vaporize Reaction.
Sucrose
Support, Can provide Crowd Control and boost party's Elemental Mastery.
Thoma
Support, Can provide strong shields with Elemental Skill and Burst, and create Pyro Resonance.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: Rosaria Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Video Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Whose Section Did You Enjoy Playing The Most In Resident Evil Requiem?
Grace
Grace
100.0%
Leon
Leon
0.0%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
10 LEGO Games That Made Even Serious Gamers Laugh Out Loud
Final Fantasy 14 Reveals Release Date For New Job
Slay The Spire 2's First Update Includes A Series First