Contents
show
1
Chongyun Rating and Info
1.1
Stats Lvl 80
2
Best Chongyun Builds
2.1
Best Chongyun Weapons
2.2
Best Chongyun Artifacts
3
Best Chongyun Team Comps
4
Chongyun Skills Talents
4.1
Demonbane: Normal Attack
4.2
Spirit Blade: Chonghua’s Layered Frost: Elemental Skill
4.3
Spirit Blade: Cloud-Parting Star: Elemental Burst
5
Chongyun Passive Talents
5.1
Steady Breathing: First Ascension Passive
5.2
Rimechaser Blade Fourth Ascension Passive
5.3
Gallant Journey: Passive Talent
6
Chongyun Constellations
6.1
Level 1: Ice Unleashed
6.2
Level 2: Atmospheric Revolution
6.3
Level 3: Cloudburst
6.4
Level 4: Frozen Skies
6.5
Level 5: The True Path
6.6
Level 6: Rally of Four Blades
7
Chongyun Ascension Costs
Chongyun Rating and Info
Rarity:
★★★★
Specialties:
Support
Element:
Cryo
Weapon:
Claymore
Release Date:
September 28, 2020
Tier List Rating
: A
Stats Lvl 80
HP: 10223
ATK: 208
DEF: 603
ATK 24%
Best Chongyun Builds
Chongyun is one of the supporting characters in Genshin Impact. There are a lot of different builds and roles for Chongyun, but most players are using support builds. He is a pretty bad character when you compare him with other supporting characters. He simply does not perform that well. That is why we recommend avoiding him or using him only if you want to test new characters. Chongyun is the A tier character in Genshin Impact.
Best Chongyun Weapons
Skyward Pride
Increases all DMG by 8/10/12/14/16%. After using an Elemental Burst, Normal or Charged Attack, on hit, creates a vacuum blade that does 80/100/120/140/160% Physical DMG to enemies along its path. Lasts for 20s or 8 vacuum blades.
Sacrificial Greatsword
After damaging an opponent with an Elemental Skill, the skill has a 40/50/60/70/80% chance to end its own CD. Can only occur once every 30/26/22/18/14s.
Best Chongyun Artifacts
Noblesse Oblige
(2) Elemental Burst DMG +20%
(4) Using an Elemental Burst increase all party members’ ATK by 20% for 12s. This effect cannot stack.
Best Chongyun Team Comps
Character 1
Character 2
Character 3
Character 4
Xiangling
Chongyun
Rosaria
Bennett
Chongyun
Ayaka
Kazuha
Kokomi
Chongyun
Xiangling
Sucrose
Barbara
There are a lot of team comps that you can make in Genshin Impact with Chongyun. We recommend team comps that we think are best for Chongyun. There are a lot of different characters, and there is a high chance that you do not have some of them. So you should create your team comps, test them out, and see what is best for you and your playstyle. With that, you will become better at the game, and you will know how your team works.
Chongyun Skills Talents
Demonbane: Normal Attack
Normal Attack
Performs up to 4 consecutive strikes.
Charged Attack
Drains Stamina over time to perform continuous spinning attacks against all nearby opponents. At the end of the sequence, performs a more powerful slash.
Plunging Attack
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Spirit Blade: Chonghua’s Layered Frost: Elemental Skill
Chongyun strikes the ground with his greatsword, causing a Cryo explosion in a circular AoE in front of him that deals Cryo DMG. After a short delay, the cold air created by the Cryo explosion will coalesce into a Chonghua Frost Field, within which all Sword, Claymore and Polearm-wielding characters’ weapons will be infused with Cryo.
Spirit Blade: Cloud-Parting Star: Elemental Burst
Performing the secret hand seals, Chongyun summons 3 giant spirit blades in mid-air that fall to the earth one by one after a short delay, exploding as they hit the ground. When the spirit blades explode, they will deal AoE Cryo DMG and launch opponents.
Chongyun Passive Talents
Steady Breathing: First Ascension Passive
Sword, Claymore, or Polearm-wielding characters within the field created by Spirit Blade: Chonghua’s Layered Frost have their Normal ATK SPD increased by 8%.
Rimechaser Blade Fourth Ascension Passive
When the field created by Spirit Blade: Chonghua’s Layered Frost disappears, another spirit blade will be summoned to strike nearby opponents, dealing 100% of Chonghua’s Layered Frost’s Skill DMG as AoE Cryo DMG. Opponents hit by this blade will have their Cryo RES decreased by 10% for 8s.
Gallant Journey: Passive Talent
When dispatched on an expedition in Liyue, time consumed is reduced by 25%.
Chongyun  Constellations
Level 1: Ice Unleashed
The last attack of Chongyun’s Normal Attack combo releases 3 ice blades. Each blade deals 50% of Chongyun’s ATK as Cryo DMG to all opponents in its path.
Level 2: Atmospheric Revolution
Elemental Skills and Elemental Bursts cast within the Frost Field created by Spirit Blade: Chonghua’s Layered Frost have their CD time decreased by 15%.
Level 3: Cloudburst
Increases the Level of Spirit Blade: Cloud-Parting Star by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4: Frozen Skies
Chongyun regenerates 1 Energy every time he hits an opponent affected by Cryo. This effect can only occur once every 2s.
Level 5: The True Path
Increases the Level of Spirit Blade: Chonghua’s Layered Frost by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6: Rally of Four Blades
Spirit Blade: Cloud-Parting Star deals 15% more DMG to opponents with a lower percentage of their Max HP remaining than Chongyun. This skill will also summon 1 additional spirit blade.
Chongyun Ascension Costs
Damaged Mask x 18
Stained Mask x 30
Ominous Mask x 36
Cor Lapis x 168
Hoarfrost Core x 46
Shivada Jade Sliver x 1
Shivada Jade Fragment x 9
Shivada Jade Chunk x 9
Shivada Jade Gemstone x 6