Trending
The Boys Season 5
Windrose
Invincible Season 4
Twitch
Overwatch
Gaming
Genshin Impact
Best Razor Genshin Impact build: Artifacts, weapons, more
by
Cassidy Stephenson
Published:
Feb 25, 2024, 18:23
Save for later
Save for later
Get Notifications for Gaming News
Razor was one of the first playable characters who players met in
Genshin Impact
. Here’s everything you need to know about building him.
Razor is a 4-star Electro unit who was raised by a wolf pack in Wolvendom. Since then, he has started interacting with the humans of Mondstadt, including
Lisa
, the Librarian of the Knights of Favonius.
In battle, Razor can trigger both Superconduct Elemental Reaction and deal decent Physical damage to enemies. However, his abilities have a short range, and his Elemental Burst goes away after switching characters.
Article continues after ad
Still, if you’re looking to build Razor in Genshin Impact, keep reading for our recommended Artifacts, weapons, and more.
Contents
Razor abilities
Razor Constellations
Best Razor Artifacts
Best Razor weapons
Razor Talent Level-up and Ascension Materials
Best Razor team comp
Razor abilities in Genshin Impact
Normal Attack: Steel Fang
Normal Attack: Performs up to 4 consecutive strikes.
Charged Attack: Drains Stamina over time to perform continuous spinning attacks against all nearby opponents. At the end of the sequence, performs a more powerful slash.
Plunging Attack: Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Elemental Skill: Claw and Thunder
Hunts his prey using the techniques taught to him by his master and his lupical.
Press
Swings the Thunder Wolf Claw, dealing Electro DMG to opponents in front of Razor.
Upon striking an opponent, Razor will gain an Electro Sigil, which increases his Energy Recharge rate.
Razor can have up to 3 Electro Sigils simultaneously, and gaining a new Electro Sigil refreshes their duration.
Hold
Gathers Electro energy to unleash a lightning storm over a small AoE, causing massive Electro DMG, and clears all of Razor’s Electro Sigils.
Each Electro Sigil cleared in this manner will be converted into Energy for Razor.
Elemental Burst: Lightning Fang
Summons the Wolf Within which deals
Electro DMG
to all nearby opponents. This clears all of Razor’s Electro Sigils, which will be converted into elemental energy for him. The Wolf Within will fight alongside Razor for the skill’s duration.
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
The Wolf Within
Strikes alongside Razor’s normal attacks, dealing
Electro DMG
Raises Razor’s ATK SPD and
Electro RES
.
Causes Razor to be immune to DMG inflicted by the
Electro-Charged
status.
Disables Razor’s Charged Attacks.
Increases Razor’s resistance to interruption.
These effects end when Razor leaves the battlefield. When Razor leaves the field, a maximum of 10 Energy will be returned to him based on the duration remaining on this skill.
Razor Constellations in Genshin Impact
If you have multiple copies of Razor, here are the buffs you can expect from his Constellations:
Level One – Wolf’s Instinct
: Picking up an Elemental Orb or Particle increases Razor’s DMG by 10% for 8s.
Level Two – Suppression
: Increases CRIT Rate against enemies with less than 30% HP by 10%.
Level Three – Soul Companion
: Increases the Level of Lightning Fang by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level Four – Bite
: When casting Claw and Thunder (Press), enemies hit will have their DEF decreased by 15% for 7s.
Level Five
–
Sharpened Claws:
Increases the Level of Claw and Thunder by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level Six – Lupus Fulguris:
Every 10s, Razor’s sword charges up, causing the next Normal Attack to release lightning that deals 100% of Razor’s ATK as Electro DMG. When Razor is not using Lightning Fang, a lightning strike on an enemy will grant Razor and Electro Sigil for Claw and Thunder.
Best Razor Artifacts
There are two Artifact options for Razor, depending on whether you focus on Physical DMG or Dendro Elemental Reactions. If you want to run a Physical Razor, we suggest going with the
4-piece Pale Flame
to increase his Physical DMG and ATK after using his Elemental Skill.
Related
Best Sparxie Honkai Star Rail build: Team, Light Cones, Eidolons, and Abilities
Best One-Handed Sword build in Wuchang: Fallen Feathers
Genshin Impact tier list: Best characters as of update 5.4
Article continues after ad
If you go with the Quickbloom option, we recommend using the
4-piece Gilded Dreams
to improve Razor’s Elemental Mastery. This will also increase Razor’s and other party members’ ATK if they are the same Elemental Type.
Artifact
Set Bonuses
Pale Flame
2-piece:
Physical DMG +25%
4-piece:
When an Elemental skill hits an opponent, ATK is increased by 9% for 7s. This effect stacks up to 2 times and can be triggered once every 0.3s. Once 2 stacks are reached, 2-set effect is doubled.
Gilded Dreams
2-piece:
Elemental Mastery +80
4-piece:
Within 8s of triggering an Elemental Reaction, the character equipping this will obtain buffs based on the Elemental Type of the other party members. ATK is increased by 14% for each member whose Elemental Type is the same as the equipping character, and EM is increased by 50 for every member with a different Elemental Type. Each of the buffs will count up to 3 characters. This effect can be triggered once every 8s and even when not on the field.
Best Razor weapons
The best weapon for Razor is the 5-star
Song of Broken Pines,
which increases his ATK by 16%. It also has a Sigil effect that will improve Normal ATK SPD and ATK for 12 seconds after you reach four Sigils. This is useful for Razor in terms of the quickness of his Normal Attacks.
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
Alternatively, you could run the 5-star Claymore
Wolf’s Gravestone
to increase Razor’s ATK by 20%. If the enemy has less than 30% HP, the weapon will increase all party members’ ATK by 40% for 12 seconds.
If you don’t have either 5-star option, we suggest running the
Mailed Flower
, especially if you go with a Quickbloom Razor over Physical. This Claymore will increase Razor’s ATK and Elemental Mastery after hitting an opponent with his Elemental Skill or triggering an Elemental Reaction.
Article continues after ad
Weapon
Details
Song of Broken Pines
Increases ATK by 16%. When Normal or Charged Attacks hit opponents, the character gains a Sigil of Whispers (once every 0.3s). When you reach 4 Sigils, all will be consumed and all nearby party members will get increased Normal ATK SPD by 12% and ATK by 20% for 12s. Once this triggers, you gain no Sigils for 20s. Buffs of the same type won’t stack. The same buffs from the Millennial Movement series does not stack.
Wolf’s Gravestone
Increases ATK by 20%. On hit, attacks against enemies with less than 30% HP increases all party members’ ATK by 40% for 12s. Can only occur once every 30s.
Mailed Flower
Increases ATK by 20%. On hit, attacks against enemies with less than 30% HP increase all party members’ ATK by 40% for 12s. Can only occur once every 30s.
Razor Talent Level-up and Ascension Materials
The following tables contain what materials you’ll need to level up Razor’s Talents and fully ascend the character:
Talent level-up materials
Talent level-up materials
Talent level-up materials
Talent level-up materials
Talent level-up materials
Teachings of Resistance x9
Guide to Resistance x63
Philosophies of Resistance x114
Common Ascension Materials
Damaged Mask x18
Stained Mask  x66
Ominous Mask x93
Weekly Boss Material
Dvalin’s Claw x18
Ascension Level
Mora
Materials
Materials
Materials
Materials
1
20000
1x Vajrada Amethyst Sliver
3x Damaged Mask
3x Wolfhook
2
40000
3x Vajrada Amethyst Fragment
2x Lightning Prism
15x Damaged Mask
10x Wolfhook
3
60000
6x Vajrada Amethyst Fragment
4x Lightning Prism
12x Stained Mask
20x Wolfhook
4
80000
3x Vajrada Amethyst Chunk
8x Lightning Prism
18x Stained Mask
30x Wolfhook
5
100000
6x Vajrada Amethyst Chunk
12x Lightning Prism
12x Ominous Mask
45x Wolfhook
6
120000
6x Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone
20x Lightning Prism
24x Ominous Mask
60x Wolfhook
Best Razor team comp in Genshin Impact
We recommend placing Razor on a team focused on the Superconduct Elemental Reaction alongside
Fischl, Rosaria, and Mika
. Mika will be able to provide healing and buffs, while Rosaria can increase CRIT Rate by using her Elemental Skill. Lastly, Fischl can provide more damage and recharge Razor’s Elemental Burst.
Article continues after ad
Alternatively, you could run Razor on a team centered around Dendro Elemental Reactions. Therefore, we suggest using
Nahida, Xingqiu, and Baizhu
to trigger Hyperbloom and Aggravate Reactions.
Article continues after ad
That’s everything you need to know about building Razor in Genshin Impact. Check out our other build guides below:
Best Albedo build
|
Best Aloy build
|
Best Ayaka build
|
Best Barbara build
|
Best Childe build
|
Best Eula build
|
Best Ganyu build
|
Best Hu Tao build
|
Best Itto build
|
Best Jean build
|
Best Kazuha build
|
Best Keqing build
|
Best Klee build
|
Best Kokomi build
|
Best Mona build
|
Best Qiqi build
|
Best Raiden Shogun build
|
Best Shenhe build
|
Best Venti build
|
Best Xiao build
|
Best Yoimiya build
|
Best Yun Jin build
|
Best Zhongli build
Article continues after ad
More
Genshin Impact
News
Add as a preferred source on Google
Follow on Google News
Featured Articles
TV & Movies
What is the Aboleth in Stranger Things: Tales From ’85? New monster explained
Entertainment
Sony’s AI ping-pong robot beats elite table tennis pros in breakthrough moment
TV & Movies
Best movies on Apple TV+
Roblox
Heaven Stand codes (April 2026)
Entertainment
Man jailed after climbing Las Vegas Sphere and telling police he’d get away with it
Sign up to Dexerto
For The latest News, Views & Reviews
Better Reading Experience
|
Save Your Favourite Items
Sign up