Genshin Impact Razor Build Guide: Talents, Gears, Teams
Muhammad Kumar
-
Jun 09, 2022
|
Mobile Games
Razor is a powerful single target DPS character in Genshin Impact. Check this post to find out more about the best Genshin Impact Razor build.
5 Best Characters To Use In Genshin Impact 2.7 Spiral Abyss
Top 5 Highly-Anticipated Features In Genshin Impact 2.8 Big Update
Top 5 Genshin Impact Team Comps For 2.7 Spiral Abyss (Floor 12)
Razor is an Electro Claymore user in Genshin Impact. He is one of the few Physical DPS characters in the game, with the ability to deal good damage with his auto-attack alone. He is a great choice if players want to run an unorthodox Phys build but don't have Eula. In this article, Gurugamer is going to showcase the best Genshin Impact Razor build guide, including talents, gears and team comp.
Table of Contents
1. Razor Genshin Impact Overview
2. Razor Constellations and Talent Priority
3. How to use Razor effectively?
4. Best Genshin Impact Razor build
5. What are the best teams for Razor?
Genshin Impact Razor Build
1. Razor Genshin Impact Overview
Razor is a boy who lives among the wolves in Wolvendom of Mondstadt, away from human civilization. He is as agile as lightning. After a chance encounter with Varka, the current Grand Master of the Knights of Favonius and the Knight of Boreas, he has slowly started integrating with humans again.
Strengths
Naturally high Physical DMG
Elemental Burst gives large damage and defense boost.
Combines Physical DMG and Electro, which benefits greatly from Superconduct.
Weaknesses
Elemental Burst disappears upon switching characters.
Attacks and skills have a short range.
2. Razor Constellations and Talent Priority
Constellations
Genshin Impact Razor Constellations
Razor benefits moderately from higher constellation levels. As he is a 4 star, it is possible to get his C6 eventually. Overall, his most useful constellations are C4 and C6.
C4: When casting Claw and Thunder (Press), opponents hit will have their DEF decreased by 15% for 7s.
C6: Every 10s, Razor's sword charges up, causing the next Normal Attack to release lightning that deals 100% of Razor's ATK as Electro DMG. When Razor is not using Lightning Fang, a lightning strike on an opponent will grant Razor an Electro Sigil for Claw and Thunder.
C4 shred enemies' DEF, giving Razor even more physical damage. C6, on the other hand, gives Razor extra Electro DMG procs, allowing him to apply Superconduct more frequently.
Talent Priority
Being a DPS, Razor needs all part of his kits maxed. Players should get his Burst up first, as he needs it to deal damage effectively. His skill and normal attack have lower priority.
Razor Introduction
3. How to use Razor effectively?
Manage Electro Particles from his Elemental Skill
Maximize Razor's Energy Recharge using his Elemental Skill
Razor has no problem regenerating energy for his Burst, as both modes of his skill regenerate energy. The tap mode gives Razor up to 3 sigils, which equates to 60% energy recharge. Players can clear it using the hold mode, dealing high Electro damage and restoring Razor's energy. Overall, alternating the modes of this ability to maximize his damage is a must.
Razor's burst is a huge DPS boost.
Triggering Superconduct and Shatter to deal more damage
With Razor being an Electro Physical Claymore character, players can definitely use him in a Superconduct + Freeze lineup to maximize his Phys damage potential. As Razor is immune to electro-charged, he would not have any problem with having a Hydro support in the team.
Don't switch characters when using Burst
Lightning Fang summons Razor's inner wolf and drastically boosts his attack speed, Electro and Interruption RES and supplements his Physical Attacks with Electro DMG.
Similar to Xiao, Razor's burst would immediately end if you change characters. Players need to plan their rotation carefully if they want to keep that massive DPS increase. This is also the reason why Razor is only suitable for the main DPS position.
4. Best Genshin Impact Razor build
There is only one effective build for Razor: Physical Main DPS
Song of Broken Pines on Razor
Best weapons and artifacts
Best Weapon: Song of Broken Pines
Alternate weapons: Wolf's Gravestone, Serpent Spine, Snow-Tombed Starsilver.
Best Artifact: Pale Flame x4
Alternate artifacts: Echoes of an Offering x4, Gladiator's Finale x4
Recommended Artifact Substats
Sands of Eon: ATK%
Goblet of Eonothem: Physical DMG Bonus
Circlet of Logos: CRIT DMG or CRIT Rate
Substats priority: ATK% > CRIT Rate > CRIT DMG > Energy Recharge
5. What are the best teams for Razor?
Just use any Cryo Sub-DPS on-field ability before his Burst to continuously proc Superconduct with his Electro attacks. This greatly increases the damage his Physical Attacks can do.
Razor Superconduct
Razor + Fischl + Xingqiu + Diona
Fischl
provides Electro resonance and off-field damage, which resolve the team's Energy Regeneration problem. Xingqiu is here as a versatile enabler - his Hydro application can cause Electro Charged for chain electro damage or Freeze in combo with Diona's Cryo.
Diona is here to heal and shield Razor, alongside triggering Superconduct. This is very important for Razor to be able to dish out Physical DMG. Kaeya can be a good alternative for this role, as his Cryo application has a pretty low CD.
Fischl is a great Electro Support.
Razor Superconduct + Def Shred + Shatter
Razor + Xingqiu + Shenhe + Rosaria
This comp focuses on inflicting Superconduct and maximizing physical damage from Razor. The physical bonus from Superconduct and Cryo resonance increase Razor's Phys damage greatly. Stack Shenhe's Phys res Debuff and Rosaria's Phy's res debuff on top of that and you would have a Phys DPS machine
Characters with the ability to shred def works really well with Razor.
Xingqiu is here to apply Hydro with his Burst, which triggers Freeze from Shenhe's burst. Players can apply Shatter using Razor's Claymore attack.
>>> Read more:
5 Best Characters For Single Target DPS In Genshin Impact 2.7
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
#Genshin Impact Guide
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025