Genshin Impact
is an
adventure
RPG
game released by
MiHoYo
in 2020. In just a short time the game has become one of the most successful actions RPG titles ever to have been released in multiple titles. Despite his innocent yet wild look, he can pack quite the destruction as he is one of the notable DPS characters with a specialty for
Physical ATK,
meaning he is built to deal heavy blows when the going gets rough. In this Genshin Impact Razor guide, you will know which weapon is best suited for Razor and which artifacts
bring the most out of Razor along with the materials required for ascension and talent upgrade.
Razor: Playstyle and skillset of the character
Razor
The character of Razor is a 4*
claymore
user in Genshin Impact.
NAME / DESCRIPTION
TYPE
Steel Fang
Normal Attack
Hits 4 times consecutively
Steel Fang
Charged Attack
Uses stamina to spin and damage enemies nearby with a strong finishing blow that knocks off enemies.
Steel Fang
Plunging Attack
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground causing AoE DMG.
Claw and Thunder
Elemental Skill
Press
Hits the enemies in front of Razor with an Electro DMG and puts electro status on them. Hitting with it gains an Electro Sigil, which increases his Energy Recharge rate. Razor can have up to 3 Electro Sigils simultaneously, and gaining a new Electro Sigil refreshes their duration.
Hold
Holding the attack causes a small AoE with massive Electro DMG and clears all of Razor’s Electro Sigils. Each Electro Sigil cleared in this way will be converted into Energy for Razor.
Lightning Fang
Elemental Burst
The Wolf Within
Brings an overarching spirit of a wolf that strikes alongside Razor’s normal attacks, dealing Electro DMG. It also raises Razor’s ATK SPD and Electro RES as well as makes Razor immune to DMG inflicted by the Electro-Charged status. Also increases Razor’s resistance to interruption, However, it disables Razor’s Charged Attacks.
Razor’s Passive Talents
Awakening:
Unlocked at Ascension 1-
Claw and Thunder’s CD is decreased by 18%.
Using Lightning Fang resets the CD of Claw and Thunder.
Hunger:
Unlocked at Ascension 4
Energy Recharge is increased by 30% when Razor’s Energy is below 50%
Wolvensprint:
Unlocked Automatically
Decreases all-party members’ sprinting Stamina Consumption by 20%.
Razor’s Constellations
Constellation Level
Name
Effects
1
Wolf’s Instinct
Collecting Elemental particles increases Razor’s DMG by 10% for 8s.
2
Suppression
CRIT Rate increased against enemies with less than 30% HP by 10%.
3
Soul Companion
The level of Lightning Fang increased by 3. The maximum upgrade level is 15.
4
Bite
When pressing Claw and Thunder, enemies hit will have their DEF decreased by 15% for 7s.
5
Sharpened Claws
Level of Claw and Thunder increased by 3. The maximum upgrade level is 15.
6
Lupus Fulguris
Razor’s sword charges up every 10s, causing the next Normal Attack to release lightning that deals 100% of Razor’s ATK as Electro DMG. In addition, if Razor is not using Lightning Fang, a lightning strike on an enemy will give Razor an Electro Sigil for Claw and Thunder.
You should aim for at least C1 since it allows you to use Razor’s Elemental Burst more frequently.
Special Dish
Puppy-Paw Hash Brown
P
uppy-Paw Hash Brown
is a Razor’s Specialty Dish, which can be obtained by cooking Mondstadt Hash Brown with Razor. You’ll also get it from the in-game mail on Razor’s birthday.
Effects:
Restores
40% of Max HP and an additional 2,350 HP
to the selected character
Artifacts sets for Razor in Genshin Impact
For maximizing normal DMG:
Gladiator’s Finale
: 4pc
ATK +18%.
If the wielder of this artifact set uses a Sword, Claymore or Polearm, increases their Normal Attack DMG by 35%.
For optimal physical DMG and charged ATK:
Bloodstained Chivalry
: 4pc
Physical DMG +25%
After defeating an opponent, increases Charged Attack DMG by 50% and reduces its Stamina cost to 0 for 10s.
For maximizing physical ATK and ATK boost:
Pale Flame
: 4pc
Physical DMG +25%
When an Elemental skill hits an opponent, ATK is increased by 9% for 7s. This effect stacks up to 2 times and can be triggered once every 0.3s. Once 2 stacks are reached, the 2-set effect is increased by 100%
Artifacts stats
Artifact
Main stat
Sub Stat Priority
Flower
HP>ATK%>CRIT Rate>CRIT DMG>ATK
Crit DMG> Crit rate>ATK%>ATK
Plume
ATK>ATK%>CRIT Rate>CRIT DMG>ER
Crit DMG> Crit rate>ATK%>ATK
Sands
ATK% or ER>CRIT Rate>CRIT DMG>ATK
Crit DMG> Crit rate>ATK%>ATK
Goblet
Physical DMG bonus or ATK%>CRIT Rate>CRIT DMG>ATK
Crit DMG> Crit rate>ATK%>ATK
Circlet
Crit DMG or Crit Rate>ATK%>CRIT Rate>ATK
Crit DMG> Crit rate>ATK%>ATK
Best Builds for Razor
Razor should be a Main DPS, he is not suited for support unless you wish to use electro elemental reactions only. His strongest side is his Physical DMG so DPS or Sub DPS build is best suited for him.
Talent Priority
Razor is renowned as the “greedy DPS” since his Ult doesn’t persist after switching. Therefore it’s best if you use him as your main DPS and thus equally level up his three active Talents:
Normal Attack: Steel Fang, Claw,
and
Thunder, Lightning Fang.
Materials required for ascension of Razor
The materials needed to In this Genshin Impact Razor Guide, we will look at the materials required for the Ascension of Razor from
level 1 to level 90.
168x
Wolfhook
1x
Vajrada Amethyst Silver
18x
Damaged Mask
9x
Vajrada Amethyst Fragment
46x
Lightning Prism
30x
Stained Mask
18x
Vajrada Amethyst Chunk
9x
Ominous Mask
6x
Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone
420,000x
Mora
Experience
414 Hero’s wit, 13 Adventurer’s XP, 22 Wanderers advice, and 1,672,000 Mora
Talent upgrade materials for Razor
The following materials are required to level up 1 talent up to level 10.
3x
Teachings of Resistance
21x
Guide to Resistance
38x
Philosophies of Resistance
6x
Damaged Mask
22x
Stained Mask
31x
Ominous Mask
6x
Dvalin’s Claw
1x
Crown of Insight
1,652,500x
Mora
Best weapons for Razor in Genshin Impact
Wolf’s Gravestone:
5* Rarity
Base Attack
: 46
Bonus Effect:
ATK 10.8%
Skill Effect:
Increases ATK by 20%. On a hit, attacks against enemies with less than 30% HP increases all party members’ ATK by 40% for 12s. Can only occur once every 30s.
Serpent Spine:
Bought with the Battle Pass
Base Attack
: 42
Bonus Effect:
Crit Rate 6.0%
Skill Effect
: Every 4s a character is on the field, they will deal 6% more DMG and take 3% more DMG. This effect has a maximum of 5 stacks and will not be reset if the character leaves the field, but will be reduced by 1 stack when the character takes DMG.
Prototype Archaic:
4* Rarity (Crafted)
Base Attack
: 44
Bonus Effect:
ATK 6.0%
Skill Effect
: On a hit, Normal or Charge Attacks have a 50% chance to deal an additional 240% ATK DMG to enemies with a small AoE. Can only occur once every 15s.
Best Team Comps
Diona:  Razor inflicts “Superconduct” which lowers their defense: allowing Razor to deal with greater DMG along with a shield and heal.
Xingqiu
: For enemies with the Wet status, Electro elemental attacks create a special effect where multiple enemies with the Wet status electrocute each other which deals considerable damage.
Kaeya
:  Razor inflicts “Superconduct” which lowers their defense: allowing Razor to deal greater DMG which can be repeated quickly due to Kaeya’s low Elemental skill CD.
Qiqi
:
Razor inflicts “Superconduct” which lowers their defense: allowing Razor to deal with greater DMG.
Related – Genshin Impact Itto Guide: Best weapons, artifacts, and materials required for ascension
Did you like our guide on Razor
in Genshin Impact? Let us know in the
comments
below.
For more Mobile Gaming news and updates, join our
WhatsApp group
,
Telegram Group
,
or
Discord server
. Also, follow us on
Google News
,
Instagram
, and
Twitter
for quick updates.
Tags
Gacha Games
Genshin Impact