Razor Build Genshin Impact & An Ultimate Guide To Unlock This Character
Harsha
-
Aug 11, 2021
|
Mobile Games
Seeking out the best Genshin Impact Razor build? Our guide will instruct you to unlock and make the best out of this character.
Detailed Guide On How To Defeat Miasmic Tumor In Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Thunder Sakura Locations & How To Remove Juvenile Antics
Mona Genshin Impact Guide: Gameplay, Best Build, Ascension Materials
Genshin Impact Razor is a teen boy who has a rapport with wolves. The 4-star Electro Claymore character is not just an interesting personality with lots of history but also a powerful character with robust talents. So what is the best
Razor build Genshin Impact
and how can you get this character? Give our guide a look.
Table of Contents
Genshin Impact Razor facts
Razor Skills (Talents)
Razor Build Genshin Impact
How to Get Razor Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Razor Profile
1. Razor backstory
If you have not known, Razor was abandoned as an infant. Andruis, the Wolf of the North, then took him and raised him in their wolf pack in Wolvendom.
As per the official lore of the game, Genshin Impact wolf-boy Razor is mostly at his home in the wilderness. He can often be seen wandering in the forest where he battles along with his wolf family to survive, using nothing but their animal instincts.
Razor grew up with a pack of wolves and developed a close bond with them.
2. How old is Razor Genshin Impact?
Razor is
16 years old
and is 5 feet 6 tall in the game. He was born on September 9.
Considering his chronological and biological age, the character ranks tied with
Bennett
as the fifth-youngest playable character in Teyvat. Barbara and Xinyan are also potentially in the same position.
Let’s also not forget his gameplay before learning about the best build for Razor Genshin Impact.
How old is Razor Genshin Impact? He is 16 and is one of the 5th-youngest characters.
Razor Skills (Talents)
1. Normal Attack: Steel Fang
His Steel Fang can roll out up to four back-to-back strikes. The charged attack can drain Stamina to give consecutive swirling attacks on all opponents in close proximity.
2. Elemental Skill: Claw and Thunder
Using the techniques that his master and his Lupical taught him, Razor can hunt his prey with this ability.
3. Elemental Burst: Lightning Fang
Razor’s Burst can summon the Wolf Within that deals Electro DMG to every nearby enemy. It clears all of his Razor's Electro Sigils which would be transformed into elemental energy for him.
His skill set is strongly related to his wolf origin.
4. Passive Talents
Awakening
Hunger
Wolvensprint
5. Constellations
Wolf's Instinct
Suppression
Soul Companion
Bite
Sharpened Claws
Lupus Fulguris
Razor Build Genshin Impact
His constellations and talent solely focuses on improving the damage and provide no benefits if he works as a Support or sub DPS. If you decide to use him, Razor will be most effective as the Main DPS of the party.
1. Razor's Best Weapon
The ultimate weapon to equip Razor with would be
Wolf’s Gravestone
which can deal as much damage as you want. In case this 5-star weapon is not in your kitty, you can totally craft the 4-star Prototype Archaic.
The best build for Razor Genshin Impact includes Wolf's Gravestone.
2. Razor's Best Artifact Set
Players should focus on the artifacts that provide boosts to Crit Rate, Physical Damage, and Flat Attack.
The perfect set of artifacts for Razor build Genshin Impact is the
Gladiator’s Finale,
which is also the most ideal artifact for
Beidou best build
. It offers a damage upgrade with two pieces and enhances his attack damage by 35 percent with 4 pieces.
You may also use Pale Flame as an alternative.
Gladiator's Finale
3. Razor's Best Team
As a claymore character, he can seamlessly deal lots of damage with regular attacks. His Electro damage even gives a boost to the damage he can do with reactions such as superconduct.
The best team comps for Genshin Impact Razor are as below.
For Premium team:
Damage: Razor
Support: Rosaria, Barbara
Support/Heal:
Fischl
For F2P Friendly team:
Damage: Razor
Sub-Damage:
Kaeya
Support: Noelle
Healing: Barbara
Barbara and Razor can make a great team.
How to get Razor Genshin Impact
As useful as Razor is on the field, some players may find his mysterious origin tempting enough to seek out for him alone. There are two ways to obtain Razor in Genshin Impact: through
Event Wishes
and
Paimon’s Bargains
.
1. Event Wishes
To unlock Razor, players must collect him as a random gacha pull. Although the game also has random loot boxes, the only method to unlock him is getting lucky, unfortunately.
The average rate of pull for four-star items is 5.1%, although the chance to receive a certain item from that rarity pool is a lot lower. The Pity System of the game guarantees that the player is granted a 4-star item post 10 consecutive pulls without getting one. This could speed things up a tad.
The latest Characte Event Wish that featured Razor started on June 29 and ended on July 20, 2021. He was up for grabs as a featured character along with
Kazuha
, Bennett, and
Rosaria
.
[Genshin Impact] - How to get a free A-Star Character *Razor*
2. Paimon’s Bargains
Another common way when it comes to getting Razor in
Genshin Impact
is engaging in Paimon’s Deals.
While every other character in Genshin Impact can be pulled via the gacha Wish system, the wolf boy is also available in the Paimon’s Bargains part of the shop. Anytime players get a Wish in the game, they will get currencies named Stardust or Masterless Starglitter as rewards. Use these currencies and you will be able to get many items including Razor.
In order to get Razor Genshin Impact, you have to shell
34 Masterless Starglitter
out.
If you have missed out on the chance, do not worry as he is likely to make a comeback at some points in the time coming.
Unlock Razor with 34 Starglitter Exchange.
There you have had all information about Razor build Genshin Impact. You can head for more related characters and guides on
Gurugamer.com
.
>>> Related post:
Where To Find Genshin Impact Crystal Marrow And How To Use It
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025