Click Here to Add Beebom as a Trusted Source
Add as a preferred source on Google
Genshin players are all in for chaotic good characters and Tartaglia (Childe) is one of those. He first appeared in the Liuye Archon quest and since then has become a fan favorite thanks to his other appearances in the game and his overall character design. He’s one of the Eleven Fatui harbingers, albeit the weakest, and is known to spar with powerful opponents to become stronger. He’s an
A-Tier
DPS character, a Bow user, and a Hydro vision holder, and currently, the only character in the game that can switch stances from melee to long-range attacks. If you’re keen on getting him in the future, here’s our Genshin Impact Tartaglia guide with the best builds and artifacts.
Tartaglia (Childe) Talents Genshin Impact
As mentioned earlier, Childe can be used both for long-range attacks and short-range attacks, but he excels in the latter. Here are all of his talents and passives.
Childe’s normal attack is a series of six consecutive attacks that deal normal damage, whereas the charged attacks deal hydro damage and apply for the Riptide status. Riptide does AoE hydro damage when Childe is on the field attacking and is divided into two types — Riptide Flash and Riptide Burst. The former can occur once every 0.7 seconds and after a charged shot hits the opponent. Riptide Burst, on the other hand, is a Hydro burst that applies Riptide to nearby opponents and occurs after defeating an opponent affected by Riptide.
His elemental skill
Foul Legacy: Raging Tide
is where all the fun lies. Childe is the only character in the game that can change the type of attack from long-distance to melee. He assumes a melee stance and it appears as if he breaks the bow into two pieces of swords that deal Hydro damage. This unfortunately cannot be overridden by other elemental infusions.
Like his normal attack, he does six continuous strikes of Hydro damage. When in his melee stance, if an opponent is affected by the Riptide status, hitting them will unleash a Riptide Slash, dealing AoE Hydro Damage. This can occur once every 1.5 seconds. His elemental skill lasts for 30 seconds after which he returns to his normal form. An important thing to note is the longer he remains in this form, the longer the skill cooldown will be. The cooldown will be the longest if players exhaust 30 seconds and force Childe to return to his normal form (30 seconds to 45 seconds).
His elemental burst Havoc: Obliteration is great for nuking enemies. When in his long-range stance he uses Flash of Havoc where Childe fires an arrow that deals AoE Hydro Damage and applies Riptide to all enemies. It also returns some energy once used. On the other hand, when he’s in Melee Stance, he uses Light of Obliteration, where he unleashes a single slash to deal massive Hydro damage.
As for his first passive
Never Ending,
his Riptide duration is extended by 8 seconds. His second passive causes his Normal and Charged Attacks to apply Riptide when he deals a critical hit during his Melee stance. His third and final passive increases the Normal attack level of your party members by one level.
Tartaglia (Childe): Talent Level up and Ascension Materials
Childe’s one of the easiest characters to build and ascend since all he needs is Insignias which can be obtained by defeating the Fatui around Teyvat. Besides, he is also the only character that uses his own boss drop “Shard of Foul Legacy” for Talent level-up obtained by defeating Childe in Trounce Domain. As for the talent books, he uses the books of Freedom obtained from a domain in Mondstadt. As for the Ascension material, he uses boss drops from Oceanid called
Cleansing Heart
, Insignias, and Starconches.
Ascension Materials
Material
Nos Needed
Varunada Lazurite Silver
1
Varunada Lazurite Fragment
9
Varunada Lazurite  Chunk
9
Varunada Lazurite  Gemstone
6
Starconch
168
Cleansing Heart
46
Recruit’s Insignia
18
Sergeant’s Insignia
30
Lieutenant’s Insignia
36
Hero’s Wit
419
Mora
420,000
Talent Level-up Materials
Material
Nos Needed
Teachings of Freedom
9
Guide to Freedom
63
Philosophies of Freedom
114
Recruit’s Insignia
18
Sergeant’s Insignia
66
Lieutenant’s Insignia
93
Shard of a Foul Legacy
18
Crown of Insight
3
Mora
4,957,500
When it comes to Talent level-up priority, you should prioritize Foul Legacy: Raging Tide (Elemental skill) > Havoc: Obliteration (Elemental Burst) > Cutting Torrent (Normal Attack). This way you can focus more on the overall damage output from his Melee stance since most of his damage comes from the same.
Best Build for Tartaglia (Childe) in Genshin Impact
Since Childe is an on-field DPS, the best build for him is with Polar Star and the Nymph’s Dream artifact set. Polar Star is Tartaglia’s signature weapon and provides the necessary stats and passives that suit him and make him a better DPS. Polar Star gives a 33.1% Crit rate and Increases Elemental Skill and Burst by 12%. Each time Childe uses a Normal Attack, Charged Attack, Elemental Skill, and Burst, he gains one buff stack. Each Stack increases ATK% and can only accumulate if they come from different sources.
Nymph’s Dream on the other hand increases Hydro Damage with a 2Pc set and 4Pc generates a stack when Normal, Charged, E, and Q hits enemies, which increases the Normal attack damage by 7%/16%/25% and Hydro DMG by 4%/9%/15%. Since Tartaglia relies on Hydro damage and normal attack damage bonuses for his Melee stance, Nymph’s dream is one of the best artifacts for him. Speaking of artifacts, it’s important to stack as much Crit rate, damage, and Hydro bonus on Childe as possible using weapons and artifacts, so make sure to farm for the best artifacts. Here are the best builds for him.
4-Piece Nymph’s Dream (Overall best)
4-Piece Heart of Depth (Substitute for Nymph’s Dream)
2-Piece Wanderer’s Troupe and 2-piece Nobless Oblige (For Elemental Burst Nuke)
2-Piece Wanderer’s Troupe and 2-Piece Heart of Depth (Substitute for the above sets)
The end goal is to make sure you have enough Crit rate and damage (1:2) on him and a Hydro damage bonus goblet. Here are the stats you should aim for Tartaglia in Genshin Impact
Stat
Value
HP
Any
Attack
1800+
Elemental Mastery
Any
Crit Rate
50%+
Crit Damage
200%+
Hydro Damage
The maximum you can get
Best Weapons for Tartaglia (Childe) in Genshin Impact
Genshin has no shortage of amazing bows and that’s good news for all the Tartaglia wanters. Here are some of the best weapons for Childe in Genshin Impact.
1. Polar Star
Nothing comes close to a weapon tailor-made for the character. If you want to get the most out of Tartaglia in Genshin Impact, this is the one. Its sub-stat scales off of Crit damage (Max 33.1%). The weapon increases Elemental Skill and Burst by 12% and Each time the character uses a Normal Attack, Charged Attack, Elemental Skill, and Burst, they gain one buff stack. Each Stack level increases ATK% and can only accumulate if they come from different sources.
2. Thundering Pulse
Thundering Pulse is, hands down, the second-best weapon for Tartaglia in Genshin Impact. Its sub-stat scales off of Crit damage (max 66.2%) covering your Crit needs and its passive helps increase his attack. It increases ATK by 20
%
and grants Thunder Emblem. At stacks 1/2/3, Normal Attack DMG is further increased by 12/24/40%. Each stack has an individual duration and can be gained via Normal attacks dealing Elemental Damage, Elemental Skill, and having less than 100% Energy.
3. Viridescent Hunt
Viridescent Hunt is a battle pass weapon and works quite well on Childe. Like other battle pass weapons, it scales off of Crit rate (27.6% max), taking care of one of the Crit values for you and it has a very interesting passive. Normal and Aimed Shots have a 50% chance to generate a Cyclone, which will continuously attract surrounding enemies and deal 40% of ATK as DMG to these enemies every 0.5s for 4s. Although, this can only occur once in 14 seconds.
Honorable mentions
:
Skyward Harp
The Rust
Hamayumi
Raven’s Bow
Mouun’s Moon
Prototype Crescent
Blackcliff Warbow
Tartaglia (Childe) Best Team Compositions
Since Tartaglia is the one who’ll be doing most of the damage, it’s important to have supports that not only heal him but also boost his damage output. And we know which characters you have in mind 🙂
Tartaglia Vape Team ( S-Tier)
Tartaglia (DPS)
Kazuha (Support)
Xiangling (Sub-DPS + Pyro applicator)
Bennett (Attack Buff, Pyro applicator, healer)
Eternal Freeze Team (S-Tier)
Tartaglia (DPS)
Ganyu (Sub-DPS + Cryo applicator)
Diona (Shield + Healing)
Kazuha (Support)
Tartaglia Hyperbloom (A-Tier)
Tartaglia (DPS)
Nahida (Substitute: Dendro Traveler, Collei) (Support + Dendro applicator)
Yelan (Substitute: Xingqiu) (Hydro applicator, Sub-DPS)
Kuki Shinobu (Healer + Electro Applicator)
Are Tartaglia’s Constellations Worth it?
Most 5-star characters including Tartaglia are well off at C0, meaning, you can easily clear Spiral Abyss if you build him right, even at C0. However, if you want to build the ultimate Tartaglia Genshin Impact build, here are the constellations you should focus on when building him.
Constellation’s Name
Description
Priority
C1 – Foul Legacy: Tide Withholder
Decreases the Cooldown of his Elemental Skill by 20%
Very High
C2 – Foul Legacy: Understream
When an opponent affected by Riptide is defeated, Tartaglia regenerates 4 Elemental Energy
Medium
C3 – Abyssal Mayhem: Vortex of Turmoil
Increases the level of Foul Legacy: Raging Tide by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Low
C4 – Abyssal Mayhem: Hydrosprout
When in his Melee Stance, Childe triggers a Riptide Slash against enemies affected by Riptide every four seconds or Riptide Flash.
High
C5 – Havoc: Formless Blade
Increases the level of Havoc: Obliteration by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15
Low
C6 – Havoc: Annihilation
When Havoc: Obliteration is cast in his Melee stance, the Cooldown of Foul Legacy: Raging Tide is reset. This effect will only take place once Tartaglia returns to his Ranged Stance.
Very High
#Tags
#Genshin Impact
Abubakar Mohammed
Abubakar covers Tech at Beebom, with his passion for technology tracing back to 2011 when he received a Dell Inspiron 5100 as a gift. He's also a passionate advocate for the right-to-repair movement, believing in empowering users to maintain and extend the life of their devices. Outside the tech world, he enjoys watching anime and exploring his newfound enthusiasm for Japanese cars. In his free time, you'll often find him immersed in Genshin Impact or researching his next gadget purchase. Before joining Beebom, he contributed to leading publications like Android Police, How-To Geek, and Fossbytes.
Comments
0
Leave a Reply
Cancel reply
Add new comment
Name
Email ID
Δ
Loading comments...
Recommended Articles
Best Illuga Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Zibai Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Columbina Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Jahoda Build: Teams, Artifacts and Weapons
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Linnea Build, Kit, and Weapons
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Instructor Set: How to Effectively Farm Artifacts
Sanmay Chakrabarti
How to Get Genshin Impact Fortune Coins
Sanmay Chakrabarti
More In Gaming
Sailor Piece Guilds Guide
Ishan Adhikary
How to Get Guild Keys in Sailor Piece
Ishan Adhikary
How to Spawn Sea Beasts in Sailor Piece
Ishan Adhikary
How to Get Dragon Goddess Sword in Sailor Piece
Bipradeep Biswas
How to Get The World in Sailor Piece
Bipradeep Biswas
How to Get Cosmic Being in Sailor Piece
Bipradeep Biswas
How to Get World Outfit in Sailor Piece
Arnamoy Das