Home
»
Genshin Impact
»
Guides
»
Genshin Impact Chiori Build Guide | Chiori Best Builds, Weapons and Teams
Genshin Impact Chiori Build Guide | Chiori Best Builds, Weapons and Teams
Learn everything you need to know to make the best Chiori builds in Genshin Impact with this in-depth guide which takes a look at her kit in detail as well as her best weapons, artifacts, team compositions and more. Chiori is a new 5-star Geo character who has a very flexible playstyle, allowing players to use her as an offensive sub-DPS or a potent main on-field DPS.
Jack Carson
2024-03-13
All content for:
Genshin Impact
Version 4.5 of
Genshin Impact
is a bit of a break patch for many after the chaos of Lantern Rite, but that doesn’t mean 4.5 is absent of interesting additions, the most important of all is the addition of a new playable Geo 5-star in the form of Chiori. Despite being from Inazuma, Chiori currently resides within the watery walls of Fontaine where runs her extremely successful and influential fashion business, the Chiroiya Boutique. Responsible for some of the most iconic outfits in
Genshin Impact
, Chiori is just as blunt and deadly on the battlefield as she is in the dressing room. Armed with dual blades and a powerful Geo puppet who can tear her enemies to ribbons while Chiori is off-field, she has a rather flexible kit which lets her play a main or sub-DPS role in Geo-centric teams.
Here’s how to make the best Chiori build in
Genshin Impact
, including an in-depth look at her kit, her best weapons and artifacts, as well as the best team compositions she can be used in. If you haven’t made up your mind on whether or not to pull Chioiri yet, check out our Should You Pull article on Chiori to help you decide.
Want more
Genshin Impact
articles, including a look at everything major coming in Version 4.5? Then you check out more pieces here on KeenGamer:
Should You Pull Chiori in
Genshin Impact
4.5?
Genshin Impact
4.5 Livestream Overview
Genshin Impact
Chevreuse Build Guide
Genshin Impact
Furina Build Guide
Genshin Impact
: Ayamiya (Yoimiya + Ayaka) Genius Invokation TCG Deck Guide
A Creative Surge
Table of Contents
hide
Chiori Ascension Materials
Genshin Impact Chiori Kit
Normal Attack: Weaving Blade
Elemental Skill: Fluttering Hasode
Elemental Burst: Hiyoku: Twin Blade
Chiori’s Passive Talents
Chiori Talent Priority Order
All Chiori Constellations
What are Chiori’s Best Weapons in Genshin Impact?
Chiori’s Best in Slot: Uraku Misugiri
Recommended Replacement Weapons for Chiori
What are Chiori’s Best Artifact Sets in Genshin Impact?
Most Important Stats and Substats for Chiori
Genshin Impact Best Chiori Team Compositions
Premium Geo Chiori Team
Premium Navia-Chiori Crystallize Team
F2P Chiori Team
Chiori Ascension Materials
Before we take a look at her kit and what kind of weapons or artifacts you should be running on her, here’s a breakdown of all of Chiori’s most important materials for Ascension:
Dendrobium x168
(Inazuma Local Speciality)
Spectral Husk x18 / Spectral Heart x30 / Spectral Nucleus x36
(Enemy Materials)
Artificed Spare Clockwork Component – Coppelia x46
(World Boss Material)
Prithiva Topaz Sliver / Prithiva Topaz Fragment x9 / Prithiva Topaz Chunk x9 / Prithiva Topaz Gemstones x6
(Elemental Gemstones)
420k Mora + 416 Hero’s Wit EXP Books
Dendrobiums are a species of flower native to the islands of Inazuma where Chiori was born. Despite their name sharing similarities with the element of Dendro, these elegant red flowers bloom primarily on the shores of Inazuma’s beaches, with Nazuchi Beach, the stretch of sand connecting Kannazuka and Yashiori, being a place where they grow in abundance. If you need some help tracking down these flowers, either use Gorou’s Seeker of Shinies Talent or the Teyvat Interactive Map for precise Dendrobium locations.
The next set of materials you need comes from one of Inazuma’s most infamous enemy types: the Spectres. These floating elemental jellyfish are the bane of many Travelers, with their immunity to specific elements being a real pain point. Nevertheless, Chiori’s Ascension demands that you hunt more Spectres so, to make life easier, look around Watatsumi Island for your best bet at finding large groups. Failing that, use the Adventure’s Handbook to track down specific Spectre groups on other islands or in other nations.
The Lonely Prodigy
Chiori may be Inazuman but she currently lives in Fontaine, which is where her necessary World Boss Material comes in. The Icewind Suite is the World Boss which drops the Artificed Spare Clockwork Component. This pair of automatons dances two deadly routines, with each giving a different type of Clockwork Component – Coppelia or Coppelius – depending on which dance you wish to partake in. Chiori needs the Coppelia component, meaning that you’ll primarily need to fend off the boss’ relentless barrage of Anemo attacks.
Last, and certainly least, the final set of materials Chiori requires is a full set of Geo Elemental Gemstones. As a holder of a Geo Vision, Chiori needs gems from the Prithiva Topaz family, which you can easily earn via farming Geo-aligned World Bosses. Alternatively, Topaz gems can drop from the Daily Commission rewards or you can use the Alchemy Table to transmute alternative Elemental gems into Geo ones.
The Thundering Seamstress
Genshin Impact Chiori Kit
Normal Attack: Weaving Blade
Now, let’s dig into Chiori’s kit to see what makes her so special, starting with her Normal Attack, Weaving Blade. Similar to Alhaitham, Chiori attacks will dual swords, with Weaving Blade capable of delivering a 4-hit combo. Her Charged Attack will deliver a powerful cross-shaped slash with both of her swords, whereas her Plunging Attack is the usual for Sword units.
Chiori is the second Geo Sword unit in the game (third if we’re counting Geo Traveler) and, like her predecessor Albedo, her damage will be far more reliant on her Skill than her Normal Attacks in most builds. However, because of certain aspects like her Passive Talents, Chiori is capable of being an on-field Geo DPS in certain comps. As such, the value of Weaving Blade differs greatly depending on what role Chiori is in:
if she’s a sub-DPS, Weaving Blade is a pretty, if ineffective, part of her kit, whereas it gains immense value if she’s played as a main DPS
.
Chiori’s Normal Attacks
Elemental Skill: Fluttering Hasode
As we just alluded to, Chiori’s Elemental Skill, Fluttering Hasode, is the most vital ability in her arsenal. There are two parts to this Skill, the initial hit and the summons it spawns afterwards. When cast, Chiori will dash forward nimbly with silken steps, charging forward and dealing AoE Geo DMG based on her ATK and DEF. If you hold down the Skill button you can aim where Chiori’s dash will go.
During this, Chiori will summon an automaton doll, Tamoto. Tamoto will stay on the field for 17s, attacking enemies with small sword slashes every 3s. These attacks will deal AoE Geo DMG based on Chiori’s ATK and DEF, with Tamoto staying on-field even when Chiori switches out of the active character spot. Additionally,
if there is a Geo Construct nearby when Tamoto is summoned, a second Tamoto will also appear whose duration is counted independently
.
Chiori’s Elemental Skill
Chiori’s playstyle is very similar to Albedo’s – another Geo sub-DPS whose main damage output is from his Skill – but her’s is more straightforward and effective, largely thanks to Tamoto’s autonomous nature. The damage multipliers for this ability are very high for both ATK and DEF, allowing Chiori to deal a ton of damage with just a single version of Tamoto. Also, Fluttering Hasode is tied to a lot of different aspects in her kit, including her most important Passive Talent. For that reason alone,
her Skill is the most important piece of her kit, no matter if you’re running a main DPS Chiori build or a sub-DPS Chiori build
.
On the other hand, the ability to double this Skill’s DMG by simply casting it next to a Geo Construct is an extremely appealing one, pushing Chiori’s utility mainly towards the court of Geo-centric teams. Some examples of Geo Constructs include the Traveler’s Skill, Zhongli’s pillars, or even Itto’s Ushi summon, giving Chiori a lot of opportunities to spawn two Tammotos if you put her in the right team composition.
Tamoto Watches On
Elemental Burst: Hiyoku: Twin Blade
The last main star of Chiori’s kit is Hiyoku: Twin Blade, her Elemental Burst. Compared to the rest of her kit, this attack is relatively simple. Chiori flourishes her twin blades, slicing her enemies with the skill and form of a master tailor and dealing a large amount of AoE Geo DMG based on both her ATK and DEF.
And that’s all there is to it: a simple, short burst of really high Geo DMG.
In many ways, this helps Chiori stick to her main intended role as a sub-DPS, allowing you to hop in, cast her Skill to summon Tamoto, quickly pop her Burst to deal high damage, and then get out for your main DPS
, with her Burst’s low commitment making that playstyle easy. However, it’s useful in any build no matter what, even if it is less complex than the other parts of her kit.
Chiori’s Elemental Burst
Chiori’s Passive Talents
Aside from her core abilities, Chiori also has three Passive Talents which she unlocks at different stages of her Ascension. The first, Brocaded Collar’s Beauteous Silhouette, is available from level 1 and it’s a rather unique passive compared to the rest of
Genshin’s
roster. When any character in your party is wearing an outfit aside from their default outfit, or if they’re wearing a Glider other than the Wings of First Flight, Chiori increases Movement SPD in the overworld by 10%. While simple, the movement SPD buff is easy enough to obtain at this point in the game and will make exploration all the easier.
Then, at Character Ascension 2, Chiori gains access to Tailor-Made, a game-changing passive ability which buffs both her on-field and off-field capabilities. Tailor-Made has two effects which activate depending on which ability you use following Fluttering Hasode’s dash.
If you press the Skill button again, Chiori will trigger the Tapestry effect, causing her to switch to the next character in the party automatically. This will also grant all party members Seize the Moment which will cause Tamoto to coordinate its attacks with the active character, dealing damage equal to her Skill’s upward thrust DMG.
If, instead, you use a Normal Attack, Chiori will trigger the Tailoring effect. This causes her to gain Geo infusion for 6s, changing her Normal Attack’s damage type from Physical to Geo.
Balanced on a Knife’s Edge
Lastly, The Finishing Touch is available from Ascension Level 5 and it will give Chiori a 20% Geo DMG Bonus for 20s whenever a nearby party member creates a Geo Construct. 20 seconds is more than enough time for Chiori to get onto the field and cast her Skill, likely summoning 2 Tamotos in the process. These Tamotos will then benefit from that 20% Geo Bonus whether Chiori stays on the field or not, dramatically increasing Chiori’s off-field and on-field damage potential.
Overall, Chiori’s Passive Talents are very effective and help her stay relevant and powerful no matter what DPS build you’re running on her
. In particular, Tailor-Made allows you to get into a real flow state with Chiori, either giving her a big power boost on the field with Geo infusion or allowing a swift switch to the party’s main DPS. Every one of her Passives serves to make Chiori even more flexible, giving her a ton of utility and power in any position.
Tamoto’s Many Faces
Chiori Talent Priority Order
Fluttering Hasode
(Elemental Skill)
Hiyoki: Twin Blade
(Elemental Burst) /
Weaving Blade
(Normal Attack)
Weaving Blade
(Normal Attack) /
Hiyoki: Twin Blade
(Elemental Burst)
Putting Chiori’s Elemental Skill at the top of the priority list is an easy thing to do as it’s her main method of damage. If you have a sub-DPS Chiori build, investing in her Skill will directly improve the multipliers of Tamoto, increasing their damage drastically even if Chiori isn’t on the field. Then, if you want to run her as a main DPS, her Skill is the trigger for Tailor-Made which will give her Normal Attacks Geo infusion.  Either way,
whether you’re after the raw damage of Tamoto or the huge damage boost from the Tapestry effect, Chiori’s Skill is the most important part of her kit and the number one Talent you need to level up.
After that, you have a choice depending on which path you want to go down with Chiori. For a sub-DPS Chiori build, prioritise her Burst over her Normal Attacks. Tamoto will be the main way Chiori deals damage, meaning that you’ll rarely be using her Normal Attacks. Furthermore, the low commitment and high power of her Burst make it an easy ability to switch in and out of. Overall, in this kind of composition, you want to prioritise that quick injection of damage over the prolonged damage of a Normal Attack combo.
The opposite is true for a main DPS Chiori build. In that circumstance, you should prioritise Weaving Blade over Twin Blade. While it’s true that Tamoto will be dealing most of the damage in both builds, main DPS Chiori will likely be attacking alongside her doll with her Normal Attacks. Pair those with the Geo infusion from Tailoring and you can have a really strong Chiori on your hands. Of course, the large damage from her Burst is useful in both situations, it’s just that the Normal Attacks become more important in a main DPS build.
Chiori, Owner of Chioriya Boutique
All Chiori Constellations
If you happen to obtain a duplicate of a character you already have in
Genshin Impact
, you’ll receive their Stella Fortuna. These can then be spent to obtain Constellations for the character they’re associated with. Limited 5-stars are the hardest characters to obtain Constellations for, and Chiori is no different. If you want some of Chiori’s Constellations, you will need to pull her multiple times while her Character Event Wish, Of Silken Clouds Woven.
Six Paths of Sage Silkcraft
: The AoE of Tamoto increases by 50%. Additionally, if there is a Geo party member other than Chiori, Fluttering Hasode will summon an additional Tamoto and trigger The Finishing Touch Passive Talent after the dash ends. Only two Tamoto can exist on the field at once, no matter how they were summoned.
In Five Colors
Dyed
: For 10s after using Hiyoku: Twin Blades, a simplified automaton doll, Kinu, will be summoned next to your active character every 3s. Kinu will attack nearby opponents, dealing AoE Geo DMG equivalent to 170% of Tamoto’s DMG. DMG dealt this way is considered Elemental Skill DMG. Kinu will leave the field after 1 attack or after lasting 3s.
Four Brocade
Embellishments
: Increase the level of her Elemental Skill by 3.
A Tailor’s Three Courtesies
: For 8s after triggering either follow-up attack of Tailor-Made, Kinu will be summoned whenever your active character’s Normal, Charged, or Plunging Attacks hit a nearby opponent. You can summon 1 Kinu every 1s in this way, and up to 3 Kinu may be summoned this way during each instance of the Seize the Moment or Tailoring effects.
Two Silken Plumules
: Increases the level of her Elemental Burst by 3.
Sole Principle Pursuit
: After triggering a follow-up effect from Tailor-Made, Chiori’s Elemental Skill CD is decreased by 12s. In addition, the DMG dealt by Chiori’s own Normal Attacks is increased by an amount equal to 235% of her own DEF.
Chiori’s most impactful Constellation is easily her C1 as it significantly streamlines summoning multiple Tamotos
. This will also drastically improve her viability with Geo units that can’t summon Constructs like Navia, someone Chiori is already an excellent partner. Aside from that, her C4 and C6 are both big increases to Chiori’s damage, with the former being a bit boost to her off-field and the latter being a massive, game-changing increase to her on-field.
Drowning in a Sea of Fabrics
What are Chiori’s Best Weapons in Genshin Impact?
Chiori’s Best in Slot: Uraku Misugiri
As a master of fashion, Chiori of course needs a fashionable blade by her side and there’s no better fit than the Uraku Misurigir, an Inzuman-style 5-star Sword
. This weapon matches the aesthetics of Chiori’s dual sword and was released alongside her in 4.5. The only way to obtain it as of her release is to summon the Weapon Event Wish while Chiori’s Character Event Wish, Of Silken Clouds Woven, is active. This Sword is perfect no matter the build as it will drastically boost both her on-field and off-field damage output.
At level 80, Uraku Misugiri will provide the wearer with 541 ATK alongside a substantial 88% CRIT DMG bonus. They will also gain access to the affix Brocade Bloom, Shrine Sword, a powerful effect with several layers to it. Firstly, it will increase the wielder’s Normal ATK DMG by 16% and their Elemental Skill DMG by 24%, with those effects being increased to 100% for 15s after a nearby active character deals Geo DMG. Secondly, the wielder will also gain a 20% boost to their DEF.
All of the aspects of this Sword perfectly align with Chiori’s two key playstyles
. On one hand, the bonus Normal ATK DMG alongside the extra DEF and Elemental Skill DMG will make Chiori a monster on-field, especially with how easily she can make those bonuses go up to 100%. Then, on the other hand, those bonuses (aside from the Normal Attack increase) also massively boost her off-field capabilities when paired with a Geo DPS like Itto or Navia.
No matter how you run or build your Chiori, Uraku Misugiri is an incredibly potent weapon. While it isn’t the most flexible weapon for non-Geo units, it will absolutely shine in the hands of Chiori, allowing her to become a destructive machine both off and on the field. If you can spare a few Primogems, there’s no shame in chasing this incredible weapon.
Uraku Misugiri
Recommended Replacement Weapons for Chiori
Not everyone is going to be able to get the Uraku Misugiri, though, for one reason or another: perhaps you’re saving your Primogems for the recently announced Arlecchino, or maybe you’re just skint. Whatever the case, some players will need to consider backup options when it comes to Chiori’s available repertoire of weapons. If she was a pure DEF-scaler, this may be relatively difficult but, thanks to her dual ATK-DEF-scaling nature, she’s a pretty good fit for several powerful Swords.
Before we discuss those options, it’s important to note that the weapons we’re about to recommend are all going to be 4-star in rarity. The main reason is that they are much easier to get a hold of for most people. However, that doesn’t mean that your Mistsplitter Reforged is going to be useless, quite the opposite: if you’re lucky enough to have a 5-star Sword, we implore you to test them out on Chiori before committing to a lower rarity option.
With that taken care of,
the best 4-star Swords for Chiori in
Genshin Impact
are the Festering Desire, Cinnabar Spindle, and the Wolf Fang.
Festering Desire
Cinnabar Spindle
Beginning with the two pain points of the list we have the Festering Desire and the Cinnabar Spindle. Both of these weapons are limited Swords, making them especially tricky to obtain as new players have no hope of getting them.
However, despite that huge roadblock, their strength is so great that they need to be on this list
. Beginning with Festering Desire, which dropped from The Chalk Prince and the Dragon in 1.2, it increases ATK by 509 ATK and CRIT Rate by 45.9%, while the Undying Admiration effect increases Elemental Skill DMG by 16% (32% at R5) and Elemental Skill Crit Rate by 6% (12% at R5).
Meanwhile, the Cinnabar Spindle is widely considered Albedo’s signature weapon as it dropped from one of his major story events, Shadows Amidst Snowstorms, back in Version 2.3. Cinnabar Spindle boosts its user’s ATK by 454 and their DEF by 68.97%, making it one of the rare DEF scaling Swords in
Genshin
. Its affix, Spotless Heart, increases Elemental Skill DMG by 40% (80% at R5) of DEF. For Chiori, this would make a superb tool for either a sub-DPS or main DPS build as both heavily rely on Tamoto for their damage output.
Finally, we have the Wolf Fang, a relatively new addition to the Sword family which was added as a new level 30 Battle Pass reward in 4.0. At level 90, Wolf Fang boosts ATK by 509 and CRIT Rate by 27.56%. Northwind Wolf then increases the damage dealt by the wielder’s Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst by 16%, while also boosting the CRIT Rate of each by 2% whenever they hit a target, with a max of 4 stacks on each. With a nice ATK and CRIT Rate boost and a substantial increase to Chiori’s two largest sources of damage, Wolf Fang makes an excellent choice for a Chiori. Do note, though, that only the damage increases will take effect when Chiori is off-field, not the CRIT Rate increase.
Wolf Fang
What are Chiori’s Best Artifact Sets in Genshin Impact?
When making a build in
Genshin Impact
, artifact set selection is just as important as what weapon you choose. For Chiori, a character with several distinct styles of play, there are a multitude of options when it comes to powerful and effective set bonuses. Below, you’ll find an artifact setup for both a sub-DPS Chiori who priorities her Elemental Skill above all else, as well as an artifact setup for a main DPS Chiori who combines her Skill and Normal Attacks to deliver devastating on-field combos.
For a sub-DPS Chiori build, your best option in terms of artifacts is full 4-piece Golden Troupe
. This a relatively new artifact set introduced with Fontaine and it revolves around improving Elemental Skill damage. When the full set is applied, you’ll have a total of 55% increased Elemental Skill DMG (20% from 2 pieces, 25% from 4 pieces), as well as a further 25% increase when the equipped character is not on the field. In the end, you’re looking at an 80% increase in Elemental Skill DMG
The reason why we run this set on Chiori is the same reason we run Golden Troupe on Furina: the massive damage boost to their respective summons. As a sub-DPS, almost all of Chiori’s damage is going to come from her Skill – whether that be Tamoto or from the Skill’s initial hit – so investing all of your resources into it isn’t a terrible idea. The fact that the damage bonus doubles when Chiori is off the field is the cherry on top, making her switch-in, switch-out playstyle even more effective.
Golden Troupe
On the other hand,
for a main DPS Chiori build, your best option is the new Nighttime Echoes in the Whispering Woods set
, another new addition with Fontaine. This is a set specifically built for Geo characters like Chiori and Navia. With the full set equipped, you’ll receive 18% ATK and a 20% Geo DMG Bonus after using your Elemental Skill. Additionally, while under the protection of a shield generated by the Crystallize reaction, that 20% Geo DMG Bonus increases to a massive 150% bonus.
If you plan on running Chiori as an on-field DPS, your big damage is going to come from a combination of Tamoto and her Geo-infused Normal Attacks. Not only will the 18% ATK be beneficial for Chiori because she stacks off both ATK and DEF, but the 20% (or 150%) Geo Bonus will apply to her Normal Attacks as well as her Elemental Skill DMG. This combination of multiple sources of potent Geo DMG paired with substantial ATK increases makes this the best-set combination for an on-field, main DPS Chiori, especially one buffed up by other ATK or DEF-raising effects.
Nighttime Whispers in the Echoing Woods
Most Important Stats and Substats for Chiori
Of course, artifact set bonuses are only one piece of the puzzle when it comes to outfitting your units with artifacts. The other, more annoying part is finding the right main and sub-stats on those pieces as they’re what makes the build all come together: there’s no point having high Talent levels or a best-in-slot weapon if your stats are subpar. In Chiori, you have a relatively simple DPS unit that needs two main stats to work, no matter the kind of build you’re running on her.
With that in mind, here are the artifact main stats you’ll need to make the best Chiori build in
Genshin Impact:
Hourglass (Sands):
DEF%
Goblet:
Geo DMG Bonus
Hat:
CRIT DMG
Second only to main stats, getting the right distribution of substats can be equally rewarding. Here are the four best substats to look for when building either a main DPS or sub-DPS Chiori, arranged in priority order:
DEF%
ATK%
CRIT DMG
CRIT Rate
Clean-Up Time
Genshin Impact Best Chiori Team Compositions
Premium Geo Chiori Team
The first option when it comes to team compositions with Chiori is to lean heavily into Geo. To bring out the height of Chiori’s power, you need to be running her in a team with at least one Geo character capable of making Constructs: if you’re limiting yourself to that selection, you may as well go all the way and benefit from everything running 3 or 4 Geo characters gets you. Fortunately, having a mono-Geo team can work whether you run Chiori as a main or sub-DPS, so everyone can get in on the Geo-only fun.
If you want to build a mono-Geo team for Chiori, you have two main options based on which role you want her to be in. For this mono-Geo Chiori team,
you’ll want to run her alongside Zhongli, Gorou and either Arataki Itto, if you want her to be a sub-DPS, or, Bennett if you want her to be a main DPS
.
Beginning with the two support options, we have Zhongli and Gorou. Zhongli is a staple mainstay of many teams – including the current best mono-Geo comp – because of his incredible survivability and support capabilities. Not only will his Elemental Skill summon a Geo Construct pillar, giving Chiori easy access to a second Tamoto, but it also spawns the strongest shield in the game and lowers the Elemental RES of any enemies near him while the shield is active. Paired with Chiori’s raw power, she and Zhongli make for a deadly combo.
The One and Oni, Arataki Itto
Compared to Gorou, Zhongli is a lot more niche, effectively only working in mono-Geo teams. His ability to massively buff DEF is a huge boon to Chiori as she can transform that into more damage across her entire kit, whereas his Burst will provide a variety of bonuses which increase in power based on how many Geo characters are in the party. Similar to Chiori, Gorou isn’t a character you’ll have out on the field too much: instead, he’ll be hopping on to cast his Skill or Burst before bouncing, giving plenty of space for your main DPS.
Lastly, we come to the fourth member, the one entirely dependent on your Chiori build choice
. If she’s staying as a sub-DPS unit intended to dip in and out of combat quickly, Itto is a superb option to run her with. His high damage output and ability to quickly dish out Charged Attacks make him a great pairing with Chiori’s Tamoto, especially if you use her follow-up action. On the other hand, if you want Chiori to take the lead, Bennett will serve as a great healer in case you get careless and a superb ATK buffer for raising Chiori’s damage. Bennett’s Pyro will also serve as a source of non-Geo for Crystallize, allowing you to trigger your artifact set bonus much easier.
Premium Chiori Team, Sub DPS Chiori
Premium Chiori Geo Team, Main DPS Chiori
Premium Navia-Chiori Crystallize Team
Alongside the mono-Geo comp for Chiori, there’s also an equally strong team based around Navia, her fellow Geo lady who joined the game in Fontaine. Despite not being the Crystallize support many wanted for Navia, the two synergise together very well, making them a perfect pair for this team which doesn’t revolve around Constructs and instead focuses hard on the pair’s ability to create a mountain-load of Crystallize reaction.
For the Navia-Chiori Crystallize comp, you’ll want to run Chiori with Navia (obviously) but also Furina and Sangonomiya Kokomi
. In this kind of composition, Chiori will be taking the backseat to let Navia shine, making it a great pick for sub-DPS Chiori builds.
As many Travelers will be able to attest, Navia is a powerhouse of a unit who can deal very high damage while having a rather self-sufficient gameplay loop based around absorbing Crystallize shards to charge her Elemental Skill. With Chiori by her side, Navia has a reliable sub-DPS who will be causing a ton of Geo DMG from off the field which, when paired with our Hydro units, will result in many reactions for her. Chiori and Navia will be able to dish out a ton of Geo DMG while supporting each other’s strengths.
Furina, the Old Hydro Archon
The other two members of this team are both equally as important. Furina is widely considered one of the strongest characters in all of
Genshin Impact
for her insane Hydro application from off-field as well as her ability to both heal and deal high damage. Usually, you would already run Furina alongside Navia because her Hydro summons serve as an excellent catalyst for Crystallize.
This tactic only gets better with Chiori as now you have two lots of summons actively triggering Elemental Reactions off one another
, letting Navia focus on damage above all else.
Lastly, Kokomi is here as our healer in case things go wrong, especially because Furina’s health-draining effect is killer if you don’t remedy it. Outside of healing, though, Kokomi serves a second role as another consistent source of Hydro. Her jellyfish Elemental Skill not only heals but also deals damage, letting you have another source of Hydro for your Crystallize Reactions. This entire team is about building up Crystallize as fast as possible and Kokomi lets you continue that while also keeping you fit and healthy.
Chiori-Navia Crystallize Team
F2P Chiori Team
Finally, let’s go over the hardest team to put together for Chiori, which is a full F2P team. Because so much of Geo’s strength is locked behind limited units like Zhongli, it’s hard to make a super strong mono-Geo team with Chiori as a base. As such, we’ll be going for a hybrid of the two compositions we’ve previously spoken about, one which uses Geo Constructs to make Chiori as strong of a main DPS as possible without needing a full Geo team. To make that a reality,
you’ll want to run Chiori alongside the Geo Traveler, Fischl and Bennett for your best F2P Chiori team
.
Geo Traveler is one of the only F2P units that can create a Geo Construct, with the other being Ningguang. The reason to pick Geo Traveler, though, is that it allows up to play Chiori as an effective on-field DPS without needing to constantly switch out. Traveler’s Skill will summon a huge bolder of stone which allows Chiori to summon two Tamotos instead of just one, drastically improving her damage output. The two of them together also give the whole team the Geo Resonance Bonus, boosting DEF and Shield Strength.
After that are Fischl and Bennett, the two non-Geo units who will make this composition come together. Fischl is here as a mini-Electro Furina, with Oz acting as a catalyst for Chiori’s Crystallize Reactions. This way, you have a consistent way to trigger her main DPS artifact bonus, massively increasing her damage. Meanwhile, Bennett plays the same here as he did in the premium mono-Geo team by both healing and buffing Chiori when she needs it.
F2P Chiori Team
That was how to make the best Chiori build in
Genshin Impact
.
Best Guides for Genshin Impact
Mavuika Build Guide | Mavuika Best Weapons, Artifacts, Teams
5 Ways to Fix the Genshin Impact “Connection Timed Out” Error on Windows PCs
Yumemizuki Mizuki Drip Marketing Released for Genshin Impact 5.4
Voices We May Not Hear During Lantern Rite
After Over 600 Days, Shenhe is Finally Getting a Rerun in Genshin Impact 5.3
Top 10 Genshin Impact OST That Will Enrich Your Playlist
Lan Yan Drip Marketing Released for Genshin Impact 5.3
Mavuika (Pyro Archon) and Citlali Drip Marketing Released for Genshin Impact 5.3
7 Ways You Can Fix Genshin Impact Not Launching on a Windows PC
Jack Carson
Jack is a UK-based English Creative Writing graduate with a passion for writing about games. He’s been writing creatively for many years and has been doing game journalism professionally for well over a year. The games he primarily writes about include Destiny 2, Genshin Impact, Honkai: Star Rail and Xenoblade Chronicles but he is especially keen on RPGs, looters and action games and specialises in writing guides. KeenGamer is the third publication he has written for.
Leave a Reply
Cancel Reply
Sign in with:
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked
*
Comment *
You may use these
HTML
tags and attributes:
<a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong>
Notify me of followup comments via e-mail.