Task Search
Checklists
Guides
Markers
Videos
Sort and Filter
No Results
Checklists
New Checklist
All Lists
My Checklists
All
All Lists
My Checklists
How creative can you get with your first free checklist?
Create a free account
All Interactive Maps and Locations
Genshin Impact Chiori Build Guide - Best Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
By
Cedric Pabriga
,
Jen Rothery
,
Triforce
,
+30 more
Updated
:
Mar 13, 2024 5:26pm UTC
Chiori is Fontaine’s master tailor, having traveled from Inazuma, but her blades can do much more than simply cut fabric. With her dual-swords and puppets, Chiori offers substantial backline support and brings new life to Geo teams with a straightforward and easy playstyle. This guide to the
best Genshin Impact Chiori build
will explain the best weapons, artifact sets, constellations, and team compositions for Chiori.
Chiori
Rarity:
★★★★★
Element:
Geo
Weapon:
Sword
Table of Contents:
How to Get Chiori
Chiori Gameplay Overview
Chiori Talents and Attack Combos
Chiori Constellation Analysis
Chiori's Best Weapons
Chiori's Best Artifacts
Chiori's Best Teams
How to Get Chiori in Genshin Impact
Chiori is a Limited Banner exclusive character, in which you’ll need to wait for reruns in order to pick her up. She debuted in version 4.5.
Genshin Chiori Gameplay Overview
Element:
Geo
Weapon:
Sword
Rarity:
5-star
Chiori is an
on-field DPS
who deals the vast majority of her damage with her doll-shaped turrets. Her field time, in most cases, is minimal, and she doesn’t need to focus much on other parts of her kit. Chiori’s playstyle is reminiscent of Fischl, in which she does exactly one thing but she does it quite well. Her inclusion in your team is a safe way to guarantee consistent off-field damage, though she is limited by her element, which does not let Chiori take advantage of (damaging) elemental reactions. Luckily, her multipliers are respectable enough to compensate for this lack of reaction potential.
In terms of equipment, Chiori is one of very few “dual-scaling” units, in which her damage scales with both her ATK and DEF stats. Her DEF multipliers are higher than her ATK multipliers, so in most cases it is better to equip her with DEF buffs than ATK buffs, including artifact main stats.
To maximize Chiori’s potential without constellations, bring at least one Geo character that can create a Geo construct, such as Zhongli’s pillar, Albedo’s elevator platform, Ningguang’s jade gate, or Itto’s cow companion, Ushi. Chiori’s Skill creates an additional turret as long as another Geo construct is present on use.
Energy recharge
is not a concern for Chiori, as her Burst does not contribute an important enough portion of damage to be worth taking stats away from DEF or CRIT. Just use Chiori’s Burst whenever you have it active. This is a huge relief from preceding characters who have had astronomical ER requirements.
Some may find Chiori’s playstyle one-dimensional or otherwise uninteresting, but her damage output can’t be ignored. She will be valuable in most teams that utilize a character like Zhongli, who is widely used across many teams of various archetypes.
Stats Worth Consideration
Energy Recharge
: 100%; No ER needed
DEF:
For maximizing damage (use ATK if substats are significantly better)
CRIT Rate or CRIT DMG:
For maximizing damage.
For any character devoted to building damage, it is important to prioritize a 1-to-2 ratio between CRIT Rate and CRIT DMG. 1-3 ratios, while they may give dopamine through bigger Crit numbers, is actually less damage overall. Aim for 75;150 in most cases!
Genshin Chiori Talents and Attack Combos
Your talent-levelling priority should be Skill > Burst > Normal Attack. At C6, you should maximize all of her talents.
Normal Attack:
Weaving Blade
Chiori’s Normal Attack talent is not used at C0. Technically, it can be used depending on how you use Chiori’s Skill, but it is generally not recommended for maximizing damage. At C6, however, it becomes much more valuable, as it gains DEF scaling in addition to its regular ATK scaling.
Elemental Skill:
Fluttering Hasode
Chiori’s Skill has a tap function and a hold function, and after using her Skill, she has two options for how her Skill can progress, so long as you’ve unlocked her ascension passives..On tap, Chiori quickly dashes in a straight line dealing Geo damage. On hold, Chiori can aim where she will dash, including into the air. It’s similar to Alhaitham and Keqings’ Skills in function. Both versions of her Skill will summon one or more doll turrets that will deal Geo damage in 3+ second intervals.
Elemental Burst:
Hiyoku: Twin Blades
Now, let’s talk about Chiori's Burst. The Burst is simply one strong hit of damage in a small area-of-effect. There are no other special properties. Bursting is good for her damage, but not at the cost of building ER. At C6, however, it will be important to build some ER, as her Burst will help with Chiori’s field time.
Chiori
Passives
Next, come her passives.
Her first ascension passive allows an extension of her Skill’s functions. After using her Skill, you can then tap her Skill input again or attack. If you use her Skill a second time, Chiori will seamlessly swap to the next target and allow two instances of coordinated attacks when your active character hits enemies. When attacking, instead Chiori infuses her swords with Geo so her Normal Attacks deal damage according to her element for up to five seconds. Before C6, you will usually be using the first extension of her Skill to swap to the next character.
Chiori's fourth ascension passive grants 20% Geo DMG to herself whenever another Geo character creates a construct.
Finally, her exploration passive grants a movement speed boost as long as one character in the team is using wind gliders or outfits that are not the game’s default selection. This is the closest we have gotten to an unconditional team-wide movement speed buff, as everyone has at least one set of wind gliders that are different from the default.
Chiori’s field time before C6 is brief and simple. Simply use her Skill and swap to the next character. Use her Burst when you have the energy. At C6, however, you’ll want to focus more on Bursting and utilizing her Geo infusion for additional attacks, as she’ll gain an extra Skill use to extend her on-field infusion by another five seconds.
Genshin Chiori Constellation Analysis
Chiori is a good character at C0, with a quality-of-life C1 and great C2 and C6.
Constellation Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
C1. Six Paths of Sage Silkcraft
Turret AoE expands by 50% and eliminates the need for a Geo construct for the second doll turret
It’s hard to judge the value of this constellation because if you’re playing Chiori correctly at C0, this doesn’t increase her damage at all. But if you want to expand Chiori’s teammates to Geo characters who do not create constructs, then this is a great quality-of-life improvement.
C2. In Five Colors Dyed
For 10s after Burst, a different type of doll, “Kinu” will appear every 3s to deal damage 170% of regular doll turret damage. Max 1.
A sizeable damage increase, despite it only being three hits from this new doll type. Each doll in a typical rotation hits about five times anyways, so keep that in perspective when grabbing the con.
C3. Four Brocade Embellishments
Increase Skill talent level by 3.
The Skill talent level is the most important part of Chiori’s kit, but C3 and C5 of kits are rarely exceptional. For Chiori, C3 is much more useful than C5.
C4. A Tailor’s Three Courtesies
After using the follow-up effect of Chiori’s Skill, for 8s, up to three new dolls (Kinu) can appear to deal damage when the active character does Normal, Charged, or Plunging Attacks.
Another great increase to Chiori’s damage.
C5. Two Silken Plumules
Increases Burst talent level by 3.
Nothing special to see here.
C6. Sole Principle Pursuit
After using the follow up effect of Chiori’s Skill, Chiori’s Skill cooldown will be reduced by 12s. Normal Attacks with Chiori’s Geo infusion deal an additional 235% of her DEF.
This constellation allows Chiori to have a more dedicated on-field playstyle. Essentially, the new play pattern would be to Burst, then Skill, then attack with her Geo infusion until the infusion runs out, then Skill again and repeat. This gives Chiori about 13 seconds of field-time.
Genshin Chiori's Best Weapons
Chiori’s weapon needs are somewhat unsurprising. She wants CRIT weapons the most, followed by DEF weapons. ATK% weapons usually fall far behind. Unfortunately, her best 4-star weapon is event-only, and her next best 4-star is a Battle Pass exclusive.
Weapon Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
Uraku Misugiri
88.2% CRIT DMG
Normal Attack DMG is increased by 16% and Elemental Skill DMG is increased by 24%. After a nearby active character deals Geo DMG, the aforementioned effects increase by 100% for 15s. Additionally, the wielder's DEF is increased by 20%.
Unconditional Best-in-Slot
This weapon further incentivizes running at least one additional Geo character alongside Chiori, but you should be doing this anyways. It’s a good deal stronger at one copy than even R5 5-star weapons.
Primordial Jade-Cutter
44.1% CRIT Rate
HP increased by 20%. Additionally, provides an ATK Bonus based on 1.2% of the wielder's Max HP.
Next Best 5-Star
The Jade-Cutter has been released close to the beginning of Genshin Impact and still has never been powercrept. It is flexible and reliable on most 5-star characters that care about their CRIT stats. It’s no surprise it places highly here. Other CRIT 5-stars fall behind even the next 4-star option.
Cinnabar Spindle R5
69% DEF
Elemental Skill DMG is increased by 80% of DEF. The effect will be triggered no more than once every 1.5s and will be cleared 0.1s after the Elemental Skill deals DMG.
Event-Only Weapon; 4-Star Best-in-Slot
Albedo’s signature weapon also works excellently for Chiori, as they are both DEF-scaling Geo Sword users that depend on their Skill for damage. Unfortunately, if you don’t have this weapon in your account as you’re reading this, you’ll never have this.
Wolf-Fang (R5)
27.6% CRIT Rate
DMG dealt by Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst is increased by 32%. When an Elemental Skill hits an opponent, its CRIT Rate will be increased by 4%. When an Elemental Burst hits an opponent, its CRIT Rate will be increased by 4%. Both of these effects last 10s separately, have 4 max stacks, and can be triggered once every 0.1s.
Battle Pass Option
Both Battle Pass weapons are good for Chiori, but Wolf-Fang has proven itself to be more reliable due to its CRIT Rate rivaling some 5-star weapons and offering a sizeable ATK buff.
Harbinger of Dawn (R5)
46.9% CRIT DMG
If HP > 90%, +28% CRIT Rate
3-star Option
You’ll need to keep Chiori completely healed, and you can’t let her get hit, but if you can pull that off, this 3-star weapon outranks most other options. It is also very easy to acquire copies of this weapon in-game.
Genshin Chiori's Best Artifacts
Sands
– DEF% (sometimes ER% at C6)
Goblet
– Geo DMG Bonus
Circlet
– CRIT Rate/DMG
Chiori’s has two options that focus on her damage. One focuses purely on her Skill damage, while another becomes better with constellations as focus shifts more towards the rest of her kit. Even at C0, both of these are competitive (depending on team composition), so you should use whichever has the best substats.
Artifact Set Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
4pc Golden Troupe
2pc: Skill DMG +20%
4pc: Skill DMG +25%; when off field, Skill DMG +25% (in addition to the first 25%)
Overall Best
This set caters to 90% of the use-cases for Chiori: a character that drops their Skill and leaves the field immediately. The only time it may be wise to change to a different set is due to substat differences or when Chiori has multiple constellations.
4pc Husk of Opulent Dreams
2pc: +30% DEF
4pc: When on the field, the character gains 1 stack after hitting an opponent with a Geo attack, triggering a maximum of once every 0.3s. When off the field, the character gains 1 stack every 3s. Curiosity can stack up to 4 times, each providing 6% DEF and a 6% Geo DMG Bonus. When 6 seconds pass without gaining a Curiosity stack, 1 stack is lost.
Secondary Competitive Option
This is another set that gives Chiori everything she wants and is better suited to Chiori builds that maximize every aspect of her kit. However, it is still perfectly serviceable at C0.
Genshin Chiori's Best Teams
Chiori always wants at least one Geo teammate, which gives us two main team options: a pure Geo team and a double-Geo team. Mono-Geo teams will be much better at satisfying her energy requirements at higher constellations, but duo-Geo teams allow for much more versatility.
Mono-Geo Chiori Team
Mono-Geo teams are easy to use due to the much lower energy requirements of the team and the lack of care for generating elemental reactions. If you just want to turn your brain off and smash some enemies up, this is the build for you. Currently, Itto and Noelle are the most reasonable On-Field DPS choices, since they share a DEF-buffing support with Chiori in the form of Gorou, who can increase DEF, Geo CRIT DMG, and even heal with constellations.
Guide Character
Geo On-Field DPS
Geo Flex
Support/Healing
Double Geo
Simply put, give Chiori the best Geo teammate you have and then add two other characters. Geo, Pyro, Cryo, and Hydro are all common options. This becomes basically a “good-stuff” team that focuses less on synergy across the whole team and instead adds two duos that together meet the damage requirements for Abyss floors.
Guide Character
Geo DPS w/ Construct
Other Element Flex
Other Element Support
Specific Teammate Choices
It should be known that the combination of Bennett and Chiori is strong enough to work with almost anyone at all, but here are the most prominent team member choices.
Options
Character Name
Notes
Character Name
Notes
Bennett
Support / Healer or On-Field DPS
C1+ Recommended
Huge Teamwide Flat ATK Buff
Rapid Healing Within AoE
Consolidates healing, buffing, and damage when built as a DPS.
Great Pyro energy supplier
Short Cooldowns on Skill/Burst
Accessible via Paimon's Bargains
Itto
On-Field Geo DPS
Hypercarry, taking up most of the team’s field-time.
Default 5-star On-Field option for Mono-Geo teams.
DEF scaling character, synergizing with other DEF-scaling Geo units.
Impressive On-Field DMG.
Gorou
Geo Buffing Support
Healing for party at C4+
Generates lots of energy with Favonius Warbow and 4pc Exile set
Large DEF boost to team.
CRIT DMG boost for Geo characters with constellations.
Ningguang
Geo DPS
Extremely short Burst cooldown
Generates a Geo construct that can buff Geo characters
4-star available since the beginning of the game
C6 allows for excellent Burst damage.
Can be played both on or off-field
Yelan
Off-Field Hydro DPS
Consistent Hydro application to ensure reactions.
Pairs extremely well with Xingqiu.
Sizeable buff to active character – up to 50% DMG bonus.
Excellent single-target damage output.
Xingqiu
Off-Field Hydro DPS
Consistent Hydro application to ensure reactions.
Interruption resistance
Minor healing
Excellent single-target damage output.
Zhongli
Geo Shielder
Strongest, longest-lasting shield in the game
Universal RES shred as long as shield is active
Often wields a Favonius weapon.
Can sometimes replace a healer entirely.
Albedo
Off-Field Geo DPS
For use in Geo Resonance teams
Consistent and satisfactory Geo damage
Can sometimes enhance Plunge damage
Furina
Off-Field Hydro DPS + Support
The Hydro Archon demands a dedicated healer
Massive universal damage-buffer for team
Impressive damage on top of her support capabilities
Navia
On-Field Geo DPS
Excellent on-field Damage
Requires two teammates each among Pyro, Cryo, Electo, or Hydro
Best particle generation in Geo
Depends on Crystallize reactions to function
Fischl
Off-Field Electro DPS
Impeccable single target damage
Consistent application for reactions
Viable enough to be slapped into almost any team with general success
Xiangling
Off-Field Pyro DPS
Incredible off-field AoE damage output
Best with multiple Pyro characters, especially Bennett
Can often carry a team by herself with reactions if her massive ER needs are satisfied
Up Next:
Genshin Chiori Ascension Materials
Previous
Genshin Arlecchino Ascension Materials
Next
Genshin Chiori Ascension Materials
Top Guide Sections
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna IV Release Time and Details
Genshin Impact Luna III Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna II Release Date and Details
Was this guide helpful?
Leave feedback
In This Guide
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Initial Release:
Sep 27, 2020
+2
Learn more
Go to comments