The Best Team Setups For Chiori In Genshin Impact
By
Sanyam Jain
Published
Mar 16, 2024, 8:30 AM EDT
Sanyam Jain is a Staff Writer at TheGamer who has worked as a professional gaming journalist since 2022. A Journalism and Mass Communication graduate, he has been testing the limits of the games he plays for as long as he can remember.
An expert in RPG, Open-World, and Gacha games, Sanyam's articles are based on hours upon hours of testing with every new character, mechanic, or puzzle to ensure that you get every information you'll need about it.
Add Us On
Jump links
Genshin Impact: Complete Guide
Jump Links
Mono Geo (Best In Slot)
Navia Support Team
Off Field Support
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Ever since the start of
Genshin Impact
, it has been quite a difficult task to find teams that'd synergize with the Geo characters since the reactions for this element aren't that valuable. You'll have this difficulty even while trying to find proper team members for
Chiori
, especially if you're new to the game.
Related
Genshin Impact: Best Builds For Chiori
Chiori might not be a meta-defining character in Genshin Impact, but you can still beat the hardest content with her if built properly.
Posts
By
Sanyam Jain
Chiori is a five-star character using a Sword as her weapon. She scales on DEF and mostly relies on her off-field damage unless you have her on constellation six, so you have to choose her team members very carefully.
Mono Geo (Best In Slot)
Team Member
Role
Chiori
Off Field DPS
Arataki Itto
Main DPS
Gorou
DEF and Geo DMG booster
Zhongli
Sustainer
Much like almost every other Geo unit in Genshin Impact, Chiori also gets the
most value if you put her in a mono-Geo
team alongside Itto, Gorou, and Zhongli. For this team, you'll be using the off-field effect of her Elemental Skill where you press the Skill twice to get extra DMG from her Tamoto.
This makes the positioning of your party members crucial. You can place Gorou and Zhongli anywhere
but you need to make sure that Arataki Itto is right after Chiori
. This will prevent you from wasting some crucial time. Since every character in this team is Geo, you won't have any problems with Energy Recharge.
Chiori automatically switches to the next character in the party when you press her Skill twice, which
saves a lot of time when Itto is right after Chiori
.
Gorou is another crucial part of this team since he'll provide Chiori with
some extra DEF, Geo DMG, and Crit DMG
if you have him on constellation six. You'll also get the Geo Resonance that provides some DMG and RES-shred on the enemy apart from the RES-shred that you get from Zhongli's shield.
If you're lucky enough to have all these characters in your party,
you'll be surprised by the sheer amount of damage
they can deal. Here's what the rotation for this team should look like:
Start by using Zhongli's Skill and Burst
followed by Gorou's Burst
to apply all the buffs on your party members.
Switch over to Chiori and use her
Burst followed by the Skill
before pressing the Skill again to automatically switch to Itto.
You can now execute
as many Geo-infused attacks as possible
using Itto's Burst and then repeat the process.
If you have Chiori on constellation six, you can
replace Itto with Albedo
and use her as the main DPS.
Navia Support Team
Team Member
Role
Chiori
Off Field DPS
Navia
Main DPS
Furina
Off-Field DPS and Buffer
Bennett
Buffer / Sustainer
Navia is one of the few Geo characters that go well with characters from other elements more than a mono-Geo team
due to her ATK scaling and reliance on Crystallize Shards
. Chiori can also suit her play style perfectly.. with a small caveat.
You'll need Chiori on constellation
one if you want to make this team work.
This constellation allows her to make an extra Tamoto and get the
Geo DMG Bonus from her passive simply by having another Geo character
in the party. The value you get from this team will increase monumentally if you manage to get this constellation.
It's still not necessarily a bad team overall even without the constellation,
you'll just lose the DMG
from one Tamoto.
This DMG loss can be
made up by Navia and Furina's massive numbers
if you've built them properly.
Here's what the rotation for this team should be:
Start by using Furina's Elemental Skill and Burst since it lasts the longest and
she doesn't benefit from Bennett's ATK boost
.
Follow this up by Bennett's Skill and Burst and then Chiori's abilities. You have to place
Navia after Chiori in this team
to use double Skills.
Finally, once you automatically switch to Navia, you can execute her combination
using the ATK boost from Bennett and the DMG boost from Furina
.
You might face some HP problems with this team if the battle lasts long since
Bennett only heals the active character
.
You can replace
Bennett
with
Xianyun
or
Jean
to overcome the HP problems. Moreover, you can also
replace
Navia
with
Ningguang
if you don't have access to the five-star unit. The best part about using Ningguang is that she has a Geo Construct and you don't need the first constellation on Chiori.
Off Field Support
Team Member
Role
Chiori
Off-Field secluded DPS
Raiden Shogun
Reaction trigger
Nahida
Reaction trigger
Yae Miko
Reaction trigger
With all the time spent in Genshin Impact's combat, you might've run into the problem of not being able to find a fourth party member a lot of times. This usually happens when
three party members are enough to trigger all the reactions
and buffs you need, and you can't decide who to use on the fourth slot.
It's important for the character on the fourth slot to
not react much with the other members
to avoid ruining the elemental reactions, and Chiori is perfect for this position. Geo forms the Crystallize reaction whenever it touches an element like Pyro, Hydro, Cryo, or Electro, but it doesn't react with Dendro or Anemo.
The best place to use Chiori is where the
main reactions are Dendro or Anemo-related
because of this reason.
Chiori can be the fourth slot in these teams as she can just deal some extra off-field Geo DMG by herself
while the rest of your team deals the main damage
. The rotation for these teams will depend on the party members you're using, but Chiori will likely be used just before your main DPS takes the field in most cases.
Next
Genshin Impact: Best Weapons For Chiori
While Chiori might dual-wield in her attacks, you only have to use one Sword on her still in Genshin Impact.
Posts
By
Sanyam Jain
Previous
Best Weapons For Chiori
All
Genshin Impact: Complete Guide
Next
Ascension Materials For Chiori
Live-Service Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
25.9%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
20.6%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.0%
007 First Light
007 First Light
8.1%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
10.9%
Other
Other
22.5%
See Results
Submit
Read Next
Genshin Impact: Complete Guide
Best Weapons For Chiori
Ascension Materials For Chiori
Pro Tips For Chiori