Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Dehya best build, Talent and Ascension materials, weapon, and Artifacts
Everything you need to know about Dehya in Genshin Impact.
Guide
by
Jessica Orr
Senior Guides Writer
Updated on
March 3, 2023
Follow Genshin Impact
Dehya
is a 5-Star Pyro character who was added to
Genshin Impact
during Phase 1 of the 3.5 update.
Dehya is featured as the boosted 5-Star character in her Auric Blaze Banner in
version 3.5
, but she is going to be part of the standard Banner pool of characters as of version 3.6, in the same way
Tighnari
's Banner was handled.
Whether you have her, or want to prepare for if you do Wish for her successfully, it's good to know the
best Dehya build
in
Genshin Impact
, including her
best Artifacts
. It's also handy to learn what her
Constellation
perks are, and what
Talent materials
and
Ascension materials
are needed to level up Dehya to her full potential.
Be sure to also check out our
Genshin Impact codes
and
Prime Gaming
pages to get free
Primogems
that can be used towards unlocking Dehya and other
characters
.
Dehya materials and stats
:
Dehya Talents, skills, star, element, and weapon
Dehya Talent materials
Dehya Ascension materials
Dehya Constellation
Dehya build
:
Best Dehya team and playstyle
Best Dehya Artifacts
Best Dehya weapon
Best Dehya build
Genshin Impact Dehya Talents, skills, star, element, and weapon
Dehya is a
5-Star Pyro character who uses a claymore
. As of writing, she's being marketed as a sort of tank character that takes damage for your team, with an increased resistance to interruption, and able to react well with other Elements. However, it's important to keep in mind that
her stats and playstyle don't line up as this being a very good way to actually play her in practice
.
Here's a summary of Dehya's abilities and stats in Genshin Impact:
Element
: Pyro.
Rarity
: 5-Star.
Weapon
: Claymore.
Banner
: Auric Blaze, and Standard Banner as of version 3.6.
Best build
: Unknown.
Normal Attack
: Sandstorm Assault.
Elemental Skill
: Molten Inferno.
Elemental Burst
: Leonine Bite.
Passive one
: Unstinting Sucoor (Dehya takes 60% less damage when mitigating damage from Redman's Blood within six seconds of retrieving the Fiery Sanctum through her Elemental Skill, Burst, or Ranging Flame from her Skill, this can be triggered every two seconds. Within nine seconds of using her Elemental Skill, she will grant all party members the Gold-Forged Form state, increasing their resistance to interruption within the Fiery Sanctum field - this can be activated once every 18 seconds).
Passive two
: Stalwart and True (When Dehya's health falls below 40%, she will recover 20% of her maximum HP, and restores 6% of her maximum HP every two seconds for the next ten seconds - this can be triggered once every 20 seconds).
Exploration bonus
: Increases the movement speed of your party members by 10% during the day (6am - 6pm), but does not work in Domains, Trounce Domains, or the Spiral Abyss, and you can't stack it with similar character's exploration bonuses.
Dehya Normal Attack - Sandstorm Assault
Dehya uses her claymore to perform up to four consecutive attacks. Charging the attack consumes stamina instead to perform powerful slashes, and at the end of her sequence, Dehya is supposed to deal a more powerful slash. However, going off the footage revealed in the version 3.5 livestream, this can actually push an enemy away from Deyha far enough that her last attack doesn't make contact with them.
As with most plunging attacks, Dehya slams to the ground from mid-air, damaging all opponents on her way down, and dealing AOE (Area of Effect) damage upon impact.
Dehya Elemental Skill - Molten Inferno
Using Deyha's Elemental Skill deals AOE Pyro damage, and if there are none already present on the field, creates a Fiery Sanctum effect.
If there is a Fiery Sanctum on the field when Deyha's Elemental Skill is used, Ranging Flame is activated instead. This makes Deyha perform a leaping attack, dealing AOE Pyro damage before recreating another Fiery Sanctum at her new position. This Fiery Sanctum takes the remaining duration of the replaced one, adding its time to the new one.
As for the Fiercy Sanctum field's effects, when an enemy within one takes damage, an attack is unleashed that deals AOE Pyro damage based on Dehya's attack and maximum HP stats. This can be triggered once every 2.5 seconds. Any party member in this field will have their interruption resistance increased, and when they take damage, a portion of that damage will be transferred to Deyha instead, who takes the damage over 10 seconds.
When the mitigated damage taken by Deyha reaches or goes over a certain percentage of her max HP, she will stop mitigating damage this way.
Dehya Elemental Burst - Leonine Bite
When her Elemental Burst is activated, Dehya enters a Blazing Lioness state and increases her resistance to interruption.
In this state, Dehya will automatically, continuously unleash attacks, dealing Pyro damage based on her attack and max HP stats. When the Blazing Lioness state ends, Deyha then unleashes an Incineration Drive, which deals AOE Pyro damage also based on her attack and max HP.
If a Fiery Sanctum created by her Elemental Skill is active when her Burst is used, Dehya will retrieve it and create another field once Blazing Lioness's duration ends. This new field also takes on the time left on the previous Fiery Sanctum.
While in this state, Dehya is unable to cast her Elemental Skill, or perform normal, charged, or plunging attacks. They are instead replaced by Roaring Barrage, which within 0.4 seconds after each of Deyha's strikes, increases the speed of when her next Fist Strikes will be triggered.
Genshin Impact Dehya Talent materials
Red Rich Brocade.
To get the most out of using Dehya, you will have to level her skills up by using Talent materials, which vary from character-to-character.
For Dehya, you'll need to farm a lot of Praxis and Silk / Satin materials (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade her capabilities.
As Dehya has three Talents,
you will have to spend three times the Talent materials listed below to fully upgrade all of her abilities
, which we've also detailed below the table.
Here's what
Dehya Talent materials
you need to improve one of her abilities:
Dehya Talent level
Dehya Talent materials
Mora cost
Level 2
x3 Teachings of Ingenuity, x6 Faded Red Satin
12,500
Level 3
x2 Guide to Ingenuity, x3 Trimmed Red Silk
17,500
Level 4
x4 Guide to Ingenuity, x4 Trimmed Red Silk
25,000
Level 5
x6 Guide to Ingenuity, x6 Trimmed Red Silk
30,000
Level 6
x9 Guide to Ingenuity, x9 Trimmed Red Silk
37,500
Level 7
x4 Philosophies of Ingenuity, x4 Rich Red Brocade, x1 Puppet Strings
120,000
Level 8
x6 Philosophies of Ingenuity, x6 Rich Red Brocade, x1 Puppet Strings
260,000
Level 9
x12 Philosophies of Ingenuity, x9 Rich Red Brocade, x2 Puppet Strings
450,000
Level 10
x16 Philosophies of Ingenuity, x12 Rich Red Brocade, x2 Puppet Strings, x1 Crown of Insight
700,000
Here's what Talent Materials you'll need to fully upgrade
one
of Dehya's skills:
x1 Crown of Insight
x3 Teachings of Ingenuity
x6 Faded Red Satin
x6 Puppet Strings
x21 Guide to Ingenuity
x22 Trimmed Red Silk
x31 Rich Red Brocade
x38 Philosophies to Ingenuity
1,652,500 Mora
To upgrade all
three
of Dehya's skills, here's all the Talent Materials you'll need:
x3 Crown of Insight
x9 Teachings of Ingenuity
x18 Faded Red Satin
x18 Puppet Strings
x63 Guide to Ingenuity
x66 Trimmed Red Silk
x93 Rich Red Brocade
x114 Philosophies to Ingenuity
4,957,500 Mora
Genshin Impact Dehya Ascension materials
Sand Grease Pupa.
Just like Talents, you need to use Dehya Ascension materials to upgrade her health, attack, defence, and critical hit effectiveness.
You'll need to farm a lot of
Sand Grease Pupa
and Light Guiding Tetrahedron materials for Dehya (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade her capabilities.
Unlike Talent materials, you only need to spend the below Ascension materials once to fully raise Dehya to her highest character level. There is also Acquaint Fate rewarded for reaching certain Ascension levels. You can spend this Fate on the
standard and beginner Banners
to Wish for characters and weapons.
Here's what
Dehya Ascension materials
you need to upgrade her for each level:
Dehya Ascension level
Dehya Ascension materials
Mora cost
Ascension reward
Level 20
x1 Agnidus Agate Sliver, x3 Sand Grease Pupa, x3 Faded Red Satin
20,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 40
x3 Agnidus Agate Fragment, x2 Light Guiding Tetrahedron, x10 Sand Grease Pupa, x15 Faded Red Satin
40,000
None
Level 50
x6 Agnidus Agate Fragment, x4 Light Guiding Tetrahedron, x20 Sand Grease Pupa, x12 Trimmed Red Silk
60,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 60
x3 Agnidus Agate Chunk, x8 Light Guiding Tetrahedron, x30 Sand Grease Pupa, x18 Trimmed Red Silk
80,000
None
Level 70
x6 Agnidus Agate Chunk, x12 Light Guiding Tetrahedron, x45 Sand Grease Pupa, x12 Rich Red Brocade
100,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 80
x6 Agnidus Agate Gemstone, x20 Light Guiding Tetrahedron, x60 Sand Grease Pupa, x24 Rich Red Brocade
120,000
None
In total
, here's all the Ascension Materials you need for Dehya in Genshin Impact:
x1 Agnidus Agate Sliver
x6 Agnidus Agate Gemstone
x9 Agnidus Agate Fragment
x9 Agnidus Agate Chunk
x18 Faded Red Satin
x30 Trimmed Red Silk
x36 Rich Red Brocade
x46 Light Guiding Tetrahedron
x168 Sand Grease Pupa
420,000 Mora
Genshin Impact Dehya Constellation
By getting duplicates of Dehya from wishing on Banners, you will receive her Stella Fortuna. This material allows you to unlock Constellation levels, with each upgrade either improving an existing Talent or Passive ability.
Here are all of Dehya's Constellation level upgrades in Genshin Impact:
The Flame Incandescent (C1)
: Deyha's maximum HP is increased by 20%, and she deals bonus damage scaled off her maximum HP at a 3.6% increase if using her Molten Inferno Elemental Skill, and 6% of her max HP if using her Leonine's Bite Elemental Burst.
The Sand-Blades Glittering (C2)
: When her Elemental Skill with Ranging Flame is used, the duration of the recreated Fiery Sanctum will be increased by four seconds, and when a Fiery Sanctum exists on the field, damage dealt by its next attack is increased by 50% when the active character within the field is attacked.
A Rage Swift as Fire (C3)
: Increases Leonine Bite's Level by three, with a maximum upgrade Level of 15.
An Oath Abiding (C4)
: When Deyha's Fist Strikes and Incineration Drive attacks unleashed during her Burst hit enemies, they restore 1.5 Energy for Deyha and 2.5% of her maximum HP - this can trigger once every 0.2 seconds.
The Alpha Unleashed (C5)
: Increases Molten Inferno's Level by three, with a maximum upgrade Level of 15.
The Burning Claws Cleaving (C6)
: The Crit Rate of Deyha's Burst is increased by 10%, and after her Fist Strikes in her Burst hit an enemy and deal critical hits, it will cause the Crit Damage of her Burst to increase by 15% for the rest of its duration, and extend the duration by an additional 0.5 seconds. This can trigger once every 0.2 seconds, with a maximum of 2 seconds increased duration, and a 60% max Crit Damage limit for this effect.
Best Deyha team comp and how to play Dehya in Genshin Impact
We won't try to sugarcoat it - Deyha isn't a very good character to use in team comps. Her moves look cool, and the effects sound good... but she has horrible stats to back up these attacks, some effects clash to actually limit her damage potential, and her Elemental Reactions don't work like they're supposed to. As a 5-Star, this is somewhat of a rarity, and pretty diappointing to fans of the character.
You can still use her in a team of course, but if it's Pyro-infused Elemental Reactions  you're after, almost any other Pyro character will do the job more effectively. Just keep that in mind if you're underwhelmed with her performance, especially in the Spiral Abyss.
The upside to Dehya is that she has a pretty simple playstyle. Activate her skill when you want an Elemental Reaction, and use normal attacks when her burst is active. This makes her more suited to single-target damage.
One important thing to remember about Dehya is that her best build seems to be suited around a 'Mono Pyro' team. This means you can slot her into a party with two other Pyro characters and an Anemo Swirler, with the best Mono Pyro team including
Bennett, Xiangling, and
Kazuha
. The other characters will do most of the damage, but then you can swap to Dehya to be your main DPS for the limited time her Burst lasts, and to activate her Elemental Skill when needed.
Best Dehya Artifacts in Genshin Impact
Part of the Tenacity of the Millelith Artifact set.
We think the
4-piece Emblem of Severed Fate
is the best artifact set for Dehya, which helps with her Energy Recharge needs if you want to take advantage of her burst as often as possible.
The
4-piece Tenacity of the Millelith
is be another decent option if you'd like to increase her HP and attack stats, both of which Deyha's build scales off. The
leaked Dewflower's Glow
4-piece will also help Dehya increase her Burst damage when released.
If you're using Deyha for Elemental Reactions, then you should prioritise Energy Recharge on your Sands Artifact, with Pyro stats on your Goblet and Crit stats on your Circlet. Otherwise, we recommend using Goblet Artifacts with high attack instead.
Best Dehya weapon in Genshin Impact
As with most signatures, the
5-Star Beacon of the Reed Sea claymore
is Dehya's best weapon in Genshin Impact. Signature weapons are basically custom built for characters, as is the case with this one, as it raises Deyha's Crit Rate, Attack Damage, and HP. All required to make her hit harder.
You can also repurpose other 5-Star weapons if nobody in your team is currently using them, most notably the
Redhorn Stonethresher
for its increase in Crit, with
The Unforged
and
Wolf's Gravestone
helping increase Deyha's attack if you need it.
As
for 4-Star weapon options, the Akuoumaru, Luxurious Sea-Lord, and new Mailed Flower
claymores are decent options that will boost your DPS.
Version 6.4 Phase 2 sees the returning 5-Star
Skirk
and a rerun of
Escoffier
. 

So don't forget to redeem
new codes
for
Primogems
to help pull them, and check out our regularly updated
tier list
.

You need luck from the
Pity and 50/50 systems
to
Wish with Fate
for characters on
Banners
, and you always need the right
Adventure Rank
for events.

Elsewhere, we have
tips and tricks for beginners
.
Best Dehya build in Genshin Impact
If you want to improve Deyha, we've summarised what we think is currently the best Dehya build in Genshin Impact
Dehya Best Weapon
: 5-Star Beacon of the Red Sea claymore.
Dehya Best Artifacts
: 4-Piece Emblem of Severed Fate.
Dehya Best team comp
: Bennett, Xiangling,
Kazuha
.
Deyha is difficult to recommend as a character to pull for if you actively want to use her in teams to clear tough content, especially the Spiral Abyss. Nobody can tell you who to Wish for however, so if you do just want her in your party, then hopefully the above information helped in making her the best she can be.
Good luck levelling up Dehya in Genshin Impact!
To see this content please enable targeting cookies.
Manage cookie settings