The Best Party Setups For Dehya In Genshin Impact
By
Sanyam Jain
Published
Mar 3, 2023, 10:00 AM EST
Sanyam Jain is a Staff Writer at TheGamer who has worked as a professional gaming journalist since 2022. A Journalism and Mass Communication graduate, he has been testing the limits of the games he plays for as long as he can remember.
An expert in RPG, Open-World, and Gacha games, Sanyam's articles are based on hours upon hours of testing with every new character, mechanic, or puzzle to ensure that you get every information you'll need about it.
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Reverse Vaporize Team For Dehya
Burgeon Team For Dehya
Mono-Pyro Team For Dehya
Overload Team For Dehya
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
There are plenty of enemies scattered across the world of
Genshin Impact
, and you can make a team of four characters to fight them. The most common party setups in the game have characters from different elements to trigger reactions that deal extra damage or buff your character in some way.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best Builds For Dehya
Whenever a new character is added to the roster, it's quite fun to figure out the best team for them according to your play style. This is the same for Dehya, a five-star Claymore-wielding character with a Pyro vision. Also known as the Flame-Mane, she's the first Pyro character from Sumeru.
Reverse Vaporize Team For Dehya
Dehya
Kamisato Ayato
Yelan
Bennett
Whenever a Pyro character is released to the game, the Vaporize reaction team is always the first choice.
If Pyro is applied to Hydro, Vaporize reaction triggers that double the damage of that Pyro attack
. On the other hand, Reverse Vaporize is triggered when Hydro is applied to Pyro, and this multiplies the Hydro attack damage by 1.5.
This team can utilize both of these reactions, but you'll mostly trigger Reverse-Vape with Ayato and Dehya. The Flame-Mane's Elemental Skill
places a turret on the field that performs a coordinated attack with your active character every 2.5 seconds
. This works perfectly because a reaction's internal cooldown is also 2.5 seconds.
The team also has two Hydro and two Pyro characters that trigger double elemental resonance.
The Pyro resonance increases everyone's ATK by 25 percent while the Hydro resonance increases the HP by the same amount
.
This works perfectly because
Dehya scales on ATK and HP, Yelan scales on HP, and Ayato scales on ATK
. Moreover, Bennett can also provide an ATK boost to all party members with his Elemental Burst.
Kamisato Ayato will be the main DPS of the team, but Dehya's Burst will take its place during downtime. To use this team efficiently, you should trigger reactions in the following chronology:
Make sure you have everyone's Elemental Burst available before entering the fight
. Thankfully, Spiral Abyss is the hardest challenge in the game and it starts every character with their Burst available.
Once the battle starts,
place Bennett's Elemental Burst near the enemy and follow it up with Dehya's turret
. You need to do this quickly because both of these skills have small durations.
Switch to Ayato and use his Elemental Burst and Skill.
Now you can perform Hydro attacks until his Skill runs out
. You'll trigger Vaporize or Reverse-Vape reactions every 2.5 seconds whenever a coordinated attack is performed.
When this part is over, you can
use Yelan's Burst followed up by Dehya's Burst before constantly attacking with the Flame-Mane
. This will give you a good amount of DPS even during the downtime of the main rotation.
It's important to have good Energy Recharge for every character on this team.
Though having two characters of the same element helps you get your Burst faster as well
. You should use Bennett and Yelan's Elemental Skill whenever possible.
It's also recommended to have
Bennett on four-piece Noblesse Oblige set while Dehya can have either Emblem of Severed Fate or Tenacity of the Millelith
. This will let you have an even higher ATK boost, especially if Dehya uses the latter set.
You can also
use a similar team for Melt reaction by replacing the Hydro characters with Cryo
. The reaction works similarly to Vaporize, and Shenhe can be a great pick for one of the Cryo characters. You will also need a DPS character like Kamisato Ayaka or Ganyu as the second Cryo.
Burgeon Team For Dehya
Dehya
Sangonomiya Kokomi
Alhaitham
Collei
Dendro was the only element that wasn't a part of the game at its release. Before the Version 3.0 update,
the only place you'd see the Dendro symbol is when you were fighting Dendro Samachurls
. All the Dendro reactions were added to the game with this update, and Burgeon is one of them.
When Hydro reacts with Dendro, a Dendro core spawns on the ground near the enemy. This core explodes after a few seconds, dealing damage to enemies and your characters in a certain area.
If you apply Pyro to this core, it will explode instantly and deal higher damage in a larger area
.
Since your team members also take damage from the explosions in Burgeon reaction,
it's important to have a healer in the party
. Sangonomiya Kokomi functions as the Hydro applicator and the healer of this team.
There's no perfect rotation for this team since you can use these characters in many ways like:
You can use Collei's and Kokomi's Elemental Skill for
off-field Hydro and Dendro application while Dehya's Burst is used to apply constant Pyro in the area
. Though her Burst only lasts for four seconds at zero constellations.
Sangonomiya Kokomi can also be
used to trigger Bloom while Collei's and Dehya's Elemental Skill apply off-field elements
. The problem with this method is that there might be a lot more Burning reactions than Burgeon.
Finally, you can use
Alhaitham as the main Dendro DPS while Kokomi and Dehya apply Hydro and Pyro respectively
. While using this team, you can try counting to ten and then trigger Kokomi's Elemental Burst to reset her Skill's duration.
This team also gets Dendro resonance that can
increase every character's Elemental Mastery by 100 after triggering one Burgeon and Bloom reaction
. This stat is responsible for determining the effectiveness of your reactions.
Mono-Pyro Team For Dehya
Dehya
Yoimiya
Bennett
Sucrose
The world of Genshin Impact is governed by seven elements and their reactions together,
but mono teams for the elements are also popular among the player base
. These teams usually include three characters of the same element and an Anemo character for the Swirl reaction and its buffs.
By default, the Swirl reaction deals extra damage to the enemies in an area, and this damage belongs to the Swirled Element. Although,
the true potential of the reaction shines when they're using the four-piece Viridescent Venerer artifact set
.
The set
increases the Swirl damage by 60 percent and decreases the opponent's resistance to the Swirled element by 40 percent
. Having this with the AoE skills of Sucrose will increase your Pyro damage significantly.
Apart from getting a 25 percent ATK boost from Pyro resonance,
you can also get an ATK boost from Bennett's Burst and a 20 percent extra bonus from Noblesse Oblige
. Yoimiya will be the main damage dealer on the team, and here's what the rotation will look like:
Start by
placing Bennett's Burst on the field and use his Skill to get some particles
. Follow this up with Sucrose's Elemental Skill and Burst to constantly apply Swirl. Her Burst's duration can be extended with her constellations as well.
Place Dehya's Elemental Skill
before switching to Yoimiya and using her Skill and basic attacks
. Once she loses the Pyro infusion, you can use her Burst along with Dehya's Burst to deal damage during the rotation's downtime.
If you've been playing the game for some time, it's possible that you already have Bennett's constellation six.
This constellation will increase Dehya's Pyro DMG and infuse her basic attacks with Pyro as well
.
Be careful before activating this constellation since you can't go back.
Bennett is a good ATK booster for many characters
, but you won't be able to use him with these characters anymore since the Pyro infusion affects them negatively.
Overload Team For Dehya
Dehya
Raiden Shogun
Kuki Shinobu
Venti
Overload reaction is one of the
most destructive reactions in Genshin Impact since Pyro and Electo come together in this
. Apart from giving extra damage to the enemy, this reaction also knocks up most of the crowd-controllable enemies. Because of this, it's important to keep the enemies together.
Venti's Elemental Burst is great for this job since it pulls enemies together, though you need to upgrade him as much as possible.
The pull effect from the Burst is based on the level difference between the enemy and your character
.
Ideally, you'd want to have Venti's level within 20 levels of the enemies you're facing for maximum efficiency. It's also recommended to upgrade the character fully to level 90.
Both Dehya and Raiden Shogun can be
used as the main DPS in the team while Kuki Shinobu can heal the damage you'll take
. Healers are important in teams with Dehya if you're using her signature weapon since it doesn't work well with a shielder in the party. Moreover, the rotation is also quite flexible for the team.
You just need to ensure that Venti has at least 200 percent Energy Recharge with the Viridescent Venerer set.
This destructive team can be great to delete a horde of enemies, but it might not be as good against boss enemies
.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: Complete Guide
Gaming Guides
Live-Service Games
Triple-A Games
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
25.9%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
20.6%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.0%
007 First Light
007 First Light
8.1%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
10.9%
Other
Other
22.5%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Hades Voice Actor "Wishes" He Could Talk About Kingdom Hearts 4
Chrono Trigger Remake Rumors Continue Thanks To New Merchandise
Former Naughty Dog Dev Claims Ellie Might Not Be The Only Immune Survivor In The Last Of Us