Genshin Impact: Fischl Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
By
Logan Dalton
Published
Feb 15, 2023, 2:30 PM EST
Sign in to your
DualShockers
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Fischl's Best Stats & Artifacts
Fischl's Best 5-Star & 4-Star Weapons
Fischl's Best Team Composition
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
As a member of the
Genshin Impact
roster since its release, Fischl has consistently proven herself as one of the best Electro units in the game.
Her impressive damage, Amazing Electro application, and her potential as an energy battery
make her an excellent Sub-DPS and enabler for Electro reactions like Aggravate/Spread and Hyperbloom.
Related:
Genshin Impact: Alhaitham Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
But how does one build Fischl? Keep reading, and soon, your Fischl will be irreplaceable to your teams.
Fischl's Best Stats & Artifacts
As an
Electro Sub-Dps,
Fischl has a few artifact sets she can choose from — some might even get different artifacts depending on her specific team.
4-Piece Gilded Dreams
Gilded Dreams shines on Fischl when playing her with
Dendro teams for Hyperbloom or Aggravate/Spread
. The 2-piece will give a flat
80 increase to her Elemental Mastery,
and the 4-piece will give her an
additional 14% ATK for every other Electro character in the party
while also giving a
50 Elemental increase for every Non-Electro character in the party
(For a maximum total of 230 Elemental Mastery).
In Dendro Teams, it's important to build a good amount of Elemental Mastery on characters that trigger reactions to increase the damage of the reaction. In Aggravate/Spread and Hyperbloom, the additional Elemental Mastery Gilded Dreams will significantly increase Fischls' damage!
4-Piece Thundering Fury
Thundering Fury is a universally good set for Fischl as the 2-piece will offer her an
Electro damage bonus of 15%
while the
4-piece will increase her Overload, Electro-Charged, Superconduct. The Hyperbloom damage will also increase by 40% and the Aggravate damage by 20%
. This can be useful to increase Fischl's raw damage and reactionary damage a good amount.
If you're struggling to put together a good Thundering Fury set, fear not! A 2-piece Thundering Fury and 2-Piece ATK set (such as
Gladiators Finale
or
Shimenewa's Reminiscence
) will work fine for Fischl too.
4-Piece Tenacity of the Millelith
This is a more situational build that may work with certain characters if needed. The Tenacity of the Millelith's passive's won't contribute to Fischl's damage much, but the 4-piece passive that
provides a 20% ATK increase and 30% increase to shield strength for all party members when the wearer's elemental skill hits an opponent
allows Fischl to provide her team with an almost permanent buff.
This set works well for physical teams like Eula. Fischl will play as an enabler for Superconduct, which isn't a reaction that deals a lot of damage or scales well with Elemental Mastery — it only serves to shred Physical Resistance. So, it may be better to have Fischl provide Eula and her party with a further ATK buff.
Regardless of what set she is using, Fischl's stat priority will mostly stay the same for her artifacts.
Artifact
Main Stat
Substats
Sands of Eon
ATK% / Elemental Mastery
Crit DMG, Crit Rate, ATK, Elemental Mastery
Goblet of Eonothem
Electro DMG Bonus
Crit DMG, Crit Rate, ATK, Elemental Mastery
Circlet of Logos
Crit Rate / Crit DMG
Crit DMG, Crit Rate, ATK, Elemental Mastery
Fischl provides an impressive amount of energy to herself and her party, so it's not necessary to build her with a lot of Energy Recharge like with many other characters. So, you can focus on the usual Crit Stats that almost all characters require. ATK and Elemental Mastery priority may vary depending on the team (A Superconduct team won't need much Elemental Mastery), but it's always nice to have either, if not both, on an artifact.
Related:
Genshin Impact: Kuki Shinobu Best Build and Talent Ascension Materials
Fischl's Best 5-Star & 4-Star Weapons
For the most part, Fischl can work fine with any weapon. An energy recharge weapon such as Favonius Warbow will increase her battery potential, and any ATK is helpful towards her Oz damage, but there are a few that compliment her greatly.
5-Star Weapons: Polar Star & Aqua Simulacra
With a good
Base ATK of 608
, Polar Star will offer Fischl a much-needed
Crit rate increase of up to 33.1%
at level 90. But this weapon provides an impressive
12% damage increase to Fischl's skill and burst
. The weapon also has a somewhat complicated addition to its passive —
using a normal attack, charged attack, elemental skill, and elemental burst will independently grant Fischl an ATK% buff of 10%/20%/30%/48%
, You must use all of Fischl's kit to get the full ATK% buff. But even without this, the Crit Rate crutch is good enough to make this weapon good for Fischl.
This weapon is Tartaglia's signature weapon and, likewise, will usually be featured on weapon banners beside him.
Although it has a low
Base ATK of 542
. Aqua Simulacra makes up for it with a huge
88.2% increase to Crit DMG
at level 90. While the passive
16% HP increase
isn't needed for Fischl, the
20% damage increase when enemies are nearby (whether on-field or not)
is an amazing addition to Fischl and is much simpler than the aforementioned Polar Star passive.
This weapon is Yelan's signature weapon and, likewise, will usually be featured on weapon banners beside her.
4-Star Weapons: The Stringless & Alley Hunter
The Stringless is an amazing bow for Fischl. With a
Base ATK of 510
and an
Elemental Mastery increase of 165
at level 90. The Stringless has a simple but extremely useful passive that
increases elemental skill and burst damage by 24%
.
Alley Hunter is another good weapon that comes with a higher
Base ATK of 565
and an additional
ATK% increase of 27.6%
at level 90. Alley Hunter will
increase Fischl's damage by 2% for every second she spends off the field up to a total of 20%
(10 seconds off the field, which is the same as Oz's Full duration). However,
if she is on the field for more than 4 seconds, she will begin to lose 4% of this damage increase every second
All of these weapons are exclusive to the Genshin weapon banner, don't worry too much if you can't get them, as Fischl will still be able to contribute greatly to your team without them.
Related:
Genshin Impact: Wanderer (Scaramouche) Best Builds, Weapons, and Teams
Fischl's Best Team Composition
As an Electro Sub-Dps, Fischl plays a great part in any team that requires Electro application or off-field damage. She is particularly popular for Taser and Dendro teams while also being useful as a Superconduct enabler for Physical teams.
Aggravate
Aggravate/Spread teams utilize Dendro and Electro as well as a lot of Elemental Mastery to deal massive amounts of damage through the Aggravate/Spread reaction.
In this team,
Keqing
plays as the
Main DPS
, staying on the field to deal as much electro damage as she can while Fischl provides additional Electro damage off the field. Meanwhile, Nahida and Yaoyao are present to provide
Dendro application
and huge Dendro damage (through Nahida) as well as healing (through Yaoyao).
This team can, of course, be changed up to suit your account and preferences.
Keqing can easily be replaced with any Electro DPS, such as
Cyno, Raiden Shogun, Yae Miko,
or even
Lisa.
Nahida and Yaoyao can be replaced with another Dendro support such as
Collei
or
Dendro Traveler.
You can also change the team up to use
Alhaitham
as the Main DPS if you have him!
Related:
Genshin Impact: Yaoyao Best Builds, Weapons, and Teams
Taser
Taser teams consist of Hydro, Anemo, and Electro characters to utilize the Electro-charged and Swirl reactions.
In this team, Beidou and Fischl provide Tartaglia with an off-field Electro application that allows him to
easily and consistently trigger Electro-Charged
. Meanwhile, Kazuha provides
crowd control, elemental damage bonuses, and elemental resistance shred.
There are a lot of ways to play a taser team as long as it uses the same elements of
Hydro, Anemo, and Electro.
Tartaglia could be replaced by
Ayato
. But you could also use an
on-field Anemo/Electro unit
such as
Wanderer/Heizou
or
Cyno/Raiden/Lisa.
In case you decide to use an on-field character that isn't Hydro, you can trade out Beidou for an
off-field hydro applier
such as
Yelan, Kokomi, or Xingqiu.
If the Main DPS character is an
Anemo unit, such as Wanderer/Heizou, you don't need another Anemo unit.
Otherwise, these teams work just as well with Anemo supports like
Venti and Sucrose.
Physical Teams
Physical teams rely on triggering the Superconduct reaction to take advantage of its physical resistance shred.
Eula plays as
the strongest Physical DPS unit
while Rosaria provides
Cryo battery and application, Crit rate increase, and her own additional Physical resistance shred if you have her Constellation level 6.
Fischl applies electro to
trigger superconduct as well as slightly helping with energy
. Zhongli will provide a s
hield and even more Physical resistance shred
.
Physical teams are a very niche playstyle that Eula is specifically built around, but there are still characters who can function well.
Technically any non-catalyst character can play as a physical DPS. But aside from Eula, characters like
Razor
and
Xinyan
play it fairly well.
Rosaria can be traded for any
Cryo support/sub-DPS
like
Shenhe/Diona
or even another
Electro unit
like
Raiden Shogun, Dori, or Beidou.
Zhongli plays a filling role here — you could replace him with another
Cryo/Electro unit
or any shielder like
Xinyan
or
Layla
Next:
Genshin Impact: Xingqiu Best Builds, Weapons, and Teams
Video Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Whose Section Did You Enjoy Playing The Most In Resident Evil Requiem?
Grace
Grace
57.1%
Leon
Leon
42.9%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
10 Cozy Games Born From Kickstarter Campaigns
Abragames Launches Charm Offensive to Attract International Eyes to Brazil's Gaming Industry
10 Final Fantasy X Details That Players Appreciate Much More as Adults