The Best Team Combos For Ororon In Genshin Impact
By
Rabiya Rizwan
Published
Nov 23, 2024, 3:00 PM EST
With a passion for writing and love for video gaming, Rabiya channels her skills as a guides writer. With over more than 2 years of experience with this career, she expresses her expertise in the field.  Rabiya started her gaming journey with visual novels like Ace Attorney and 999, Later she tried out the RPG genre and loved it. Some of her favourite games include Elden Ring. Genshin Impact, and Nier Automata.
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Best Ororon Team
Ororon Hyperbloom Team
Ororon F2P Team
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Thread
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Ororon is an excellent sub-DPS character in
Genshin Impact
which works very well in Electro-Charge teams. His passive triggers Hypersense Effect, which can let him deal off-field Electro damage while your Hydro DPS characters are on the field. He is a reliable character in any Electro-Charge and Hyperbloom team.
Related
Genshin Impact: Internal Cooldown Guide
Learning how Elemental Reactions' cooldowns work in Genshin Impact is essential for mastering its combat. Learn about ICD and more in this guide.
Posts
By
Asad Kashif
Ororon's versatility is a great trait that can work in multiple Electro-based teams. To create the best team for Ororon, you need a few Hydro applicators in your team. Some additional Electro support characters will also help you trigger Electro-Charge constantly. To add a twist, you can also add Ororon to your Hyperbloom teams, with one constant Dendro applicator to make it more consistent.
Best Ororon Team
Ororon
Venti
Furina
Xilonen
Your Ororon will truly shine in an Electro-Charge team, as his kit relies purely on
generating Nightsoul Points
by triggering the aforementioned reaction. To make sure that Ororon triggers it repeatedly in a short duration, make sure that the
enemies are constantly applied with Hydro
, which will react with his Electro attacks.
So, you will need some
Hydro Applicators like Furina
in your team. While there are
other substitutes for her, such as Kokomi and Ayato, Furina
is the best choice
here as she can also
heal your team
if need be and can constantly apply Hydro with her Elemental Skill. Combining Hydro with Venti's Elemental Burst also makes an opponent trapped in a Hydro vortex.
Xilonen is a de-buffer and will reduce the opponent's resistance to Electro, Anemo, and Hydro
in this team. This will cause Ororon to deal even stronger damage using his Elemental Skill and Burst. Xilonen is also a Natlan character, so you can generate more Nightsoul points while she is on the field.
Ororon Hyperbloom Team
Nahida
Ororon
Kokomi
Xinqiu
While your main focus here will be Hyperbloom, you will still
rely on Electro-charge reactions to use your Ororon to its full potential
. Kokomi's elemental skill can constantly apply Hydro to the enemy and also heal your team.
Nahida can use her Elemental Skill to apply Dendro
to them at regular intervals. Xinqiu or any other strong Hydro DPS characters like Neuvilette, Ayato, and Yelan can finish them off while your Ororon deals off-field damage.
Ororon F2P Team
Ororon
Xinqiu
Barbara
Sucrose
You might be lacking a few five-star characters as they rarely appear in event wishes. Still, you can
create an excellent F2P team for Ororon with the four-star
characters you have. There are some
good Hydro-applicators and DPS characters
that you can try out, such as
Xinqiu and Barbara
.
Xinqiu can act as the main damage dealer in the team while
relying on Ororon's off-field electro damage
. If you need
healing, you can add Barbara
to your team. Since both of them can apply Hydro consistently, you will have no trouble triggering some Electro-charge reactions.
Sucrose can infuse either Electro or Hydro damage with her Elemental Burst
, which will also aid you in applying the correct elements. You can also debuff an enemy's resistance if you have equipped
the Viridescent Venerer set on Sucrose
, as the four-piece set can decrease an enemy's resistance by 40 percent. This will increase the overall damage output of your team.
Next
Genshin Impact: How To Locate And Defeat Avatar Of Lava
Many Avatars of Lava are waiting for you in Natlan. Learn their specific regions in Genshin Impact in this guide.
Posts
By
John Schutt
Live-Service Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
25.9%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
20.6%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.0%
007 First Light
007 First Light
8.1%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
10.9%
Other
Other
22.5%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
You Should Be Playing More New Old Games
New Metal Slug Projects Teased On 30th Anniversary Website
Pragmata Isn't A Mega Man Game, But It Does Reference It