Barbara is a playable Hydro character in Genshin Impact. She is one of the most powerful and thus popular characters for playing as a Sub DPS and Support. We decided to write this guide to help you learn more about Barbara. In our Genshin Impact Barbara Build and Best Team Comp post you will learn about Barbara’s talents, how they work and how to upgrade them. Also, you will read about her Constellations that will help you make Barbara even more powerful. After that, we have written Genshin Impact Barbara Build where you’ll see weapon and artifact set. And at last, we have mentioned the best team comps for Barbara as Support hero.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
The whole information is presented in tables. You can use the navigation bar above to move quickly to the information block that you are most interested in.
Talents
Constellations
Build
Team
Barbara Build
Below you can see the best weapon option for playing Barbara in Genshin Impact. Accompanied by the best Barbara artifact set and its stat priorities.
Support Build
If you play this champion as a Support in your comp you should take the weapon and artifacts from the list below. They are believed to be the most effective ones in almost all situations.
Weapon
Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers
Weapon Substitutes:
Prototype Amber
.
Artifact Set
Ocean-Hued Clam
(4-Piece)
Artifact Main Stats Priority:
HP%
HP%
Healing Bonus
Sub Stats Priority: HP% > HP > Energy Recharge > Elemental Mastery
Talent Priority
Let the Show Begin♪ > Shining Miracle♪ > Whisper of Water
Best Team Compositions for Barbara
When you play Genshin Impact everything depends not only on your main character but also on the composition. You should learn how elements complement each other and build the best team for your main. Below you can see the best team composition for Barbara with Main DPS and 2 Sub DPS characters. Also, we have included alternative characters for each role that go well with Barbara too.
Barbara is a good source of healing. Both her abilities heal. Burst heals the whole team and ability has two options. It always heals the active character, but if the active character is Barbara then her attacks will heal all team members for a small amount. Her main disadvantage is that the active character under her healing will get Hydro effect applied, so this can work against you during the fight with cryo enemies. You can take Barbara to almost any team, but Diluc is the best option because under Barbara’s ability he can activate Vaporization. Kaeya would be a sub-DPS who can apply Frozen effect the same way. Sucrose will make enemies stay together and spread elements with Swirl.
Good characters for this comp:
Ganyu, Hu Tao, Xiangling, Beidou, Fischl, Bennett, Sucrose, Venti.
How to Build Genshin Impact Barbara Team?
If you want to know more about every teammate for Barbara you can click on the link below and find them in the list of all Genshin Impact characters that we have described.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
In case you are still not sure what champion you want to pick as main, we have
Genshin Impact characters tier list
with explanations on how to build your best team.
Barbara Talents
Below you can see the list of talents that Barbara uses during the fight. Each of them we have described with the main characteristics.
Whisper of Water
Normal Attack
Normal Attack:
Perform up to 4 water splash attacks that deal Hydro DMG.
Charged Attack:
Consumes a certain amount of Stamina to deal AoE Hydro DMG after a short casting time.
Plunging Attack:
Gathering the might of Hydro, Barbara plunges towards the ground from mid-air, damaging all opponents in her path. Deals AoE Hydro DMG upon impact with the ground.
Let the Show Begin♪
Elemental Skill
Summons water droplets resembling musical notes that form a Melody Loop, dealing Hydro DMG to surrounding opponents and applying the Wet status to them.
Melody Loop:
On hit, Barbara’s Normal Attacks heal your own party members and nearby teammates for a certain amount of HP, which scales with Barbara’s Max HP.
On hit, Barbara’s Charged Attack generates 4 times the amount of healing.
Periodically regenerates your own active character’s HP.
Applies the Wet status to the character and to opponents who come in contact with them.
Shining Miracle♪
Elemental Burst
Heals your own party members and nearby teammates for a large amount of HP that scales with Barbara’s Max HP.
Glorious Season
1st Ascension Passive
The Stamina Consumption of characters within Let the Show Begin♪’s Melody Loop is reduced by 12%.
Encore
4th Ascension Passive
When your active character gains an Elemental Orb/Particle, the duration of the Melody Loop of Let the Show Begin♪ is extended by 1s.
The maximum extension is 5s.
With My Whole Heart♪
Utility Passive
When a Perfect Cooking is achieved on a dish with restorative effects, Barbara has a 12% chance to obtain double the product.
Every talent can be upgraded up to level 15. But to do so you will need to gather materials on particular days. The list of the needed materials for leveling Barbara’s talents is mentioned in the next block.
Talent Leveling Materials
So here you can see all materials that you will need in order to level up Barbara’s talents.
Talent Level-Up Materials
Freedom Books:
Teachings of Freedom
,
Guide to Freedom
,
Philosophies of Freedom
.
Common Ascension Materials
Divining Scroll
,
Sealed Scroll
,
Forbidden Curse Scroll
.
Weekly Boss Material
Ring of Boreas
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
Some of them are required at the beginning for low levels and others are more advanced. We just wanted to focus your attention on material types in general.
Barbara Constellations
In Genshin Impact characters have a specific upgrade system called constellation. You will need to get a specific item called Stella Fortuna to increase the level of constellation. Each character has their own version of Stella Fortuna, which you get by obtaining a duplicate of the character from Wishes.
Level 1
Gleeful Songs
Barbara regenerates 1 Energy every 10s.
Level 2
Vitality Burst
Decreases the CD of Let the Show Begin♪ by 15%.
During the ability’s duration, your active character gains a 15% Hydro DMG Bonus.
Level 3
Star of Tomorrow
Increases the Level of Shining Miracle♪ by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4
Attentiveness be My Power
Every opponent Barbara hits with her Charged Attack regenerates 1 Energy for her.
A maximum of 5 energy can be regenerated in this manner with any one Charged Attack.
Level 5
The Purest Companionship
Increases the Level of Let the Show Begin♪ by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6
Dedicating Everything to You
When Barbara is in the party but not on the field, and one of your own party members falls:
Automatically revives the fallen character.
Fully restores the revived character’s HP to 100%.
This effect can only occur once every 15 mins.
Every Genshin Impact character has own set of constellations above you can see Barbara constellations list with descriptions.
Ascension Materials
In addition, there are ascension phases that increase the level cap for your character. After Barbara reaches the 20th level she can be ascended to the next ascension phase, up to phase 6, which allow getting 90th level.
Character Ascension Materials
Varunada Lazurite:
Varunada Lazurite Sliver
,
Varunada Lazurite Fragment
,
Varunada Lazurite Chunk
,
Varunada Lazurite Gemstone
.
Cleansing Heart
Common Ascension Materials
Divining Scroll
,
Sealed Scroll
,
Forbidden Curse Scroll
.
Local Specialty
Philanemo Mushroom
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
In order to level up ascension phases you’ll need materials. So the list of those required for Barbara is listed above.
Artem R.
I have been an avid gamer since childhood. My favorite genres are RPGs, Action, and MMOs. Some of my all-time favorite games include the Diablo and Path of Exile ARPG series, the Dark Souls series, and JRPGs like Xenoblade, Atelier, and the Final Fantasy. I am also a big fan of the PSP and PS Vita, and I currently enjoy gaming on my Nintendo Switch.
Post Views:
7,088
Please share it with your friends
Tags:
Genshin Impact
Post navigation
Previous
Diablo 2 Resurrected Release Date, Supporting Platforms, and Prices
Next
Genshin Impact Mona Build and Best Team Comp