Diluc Team Comp Guide - Genshin Impact
dilucs best team
By
Siddarth Narasimman
Updated
Jan 1, 2025, 2:45 PM EST
Siddarth Narasimman is a writer at GameRant. He is an avid gamer who excels at curating creative and engaging articles. His primary focus in video games includes Genshin Impact, Zenless Zone Zero, Wuthering Waves, League of Legends, and Valorant. Siddarth also likes to experience metroidvania and strategic games. With a background in English and prior experience with other websites, Siddarth aims to bring high quality and original content.
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Thread
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Diluc
Pyro
Claymore
Mondstadt
Guides
Ascension
Builds
Weapons
Team Comp
Constellation
Player Mistakes
Back to All Characters
Diluc used to be the
best DPS character in
Genshin Impact
during the game's early days. Unfortunately, he has been heavily power-crept and overshadowed by dozens of characters. However, he is still a very simple DPS to pick up and learn, and doesn't require complex combos to get maximum value out of his kit.
This can be quite beneficial for beginners starting out their journey in Teyvat. Diluc's visually aesthetic and personality are also big factors in his popularity. Therefore, if players wish to be a Diluc main, these are the characters that synergize best with the Darknight Hero.
Related
Genshin Impact: Diluc Envisaged Echoes Guide - How to Unlock
Genshin Impact players can refer to this Diluc Envisaged Echoes guide if they find trouble in completing the challenge.
Posts
By
Aditi Jeyanathan
Updated January 1, 2025, by Siddarth Narasimman:
While Diluc has fallen out of the DPS meta in
Genshin Impact
, he remains quite popular among the public and is a solid entry-level DPS for newer players. With simple abilities and easy-to-execute combos, Diluc has good synergy with some of the most popular characters in the game, which is his only saving grace from being utterly overshadowed at the moment. Here are some of the best characters to pair with him.
For Vaporize
Vaporize team comps are Diluc's bread and butter in
Genshin Impact
. It is the most consistent elemental reaction for Pyro DPS characters, and can allow players to reliably power through the hardest challenges in the end-game. A lot of Hydro Sub-DPS and Support characters are also extremely strong in the meta, which compliments Diluc quite well.
Xingqiu
Xingqiu
remains a top choice for any Vaporize-based team comp due to his consistent Hydro application and easy-to-use kit. It is also quite easy to get a lot of constellations for him, as he is often featured in limited-time character banners and as a free selectable character during the annual Lantern Rite update. Xingqiu provides great survivability, constant Vaporize reactions, and some additional damage that boosts Diluc's overall DPS.
Related
Genshin Impact: The Best Builds For Xingqiu
Xingqiu can be a real force for Genshin Impact players. But only if they use the right kind of builds.
Posts
Yelan
Yelan
is the fancier option when compared to Xingqiu. While she is harder to obtain, as she is a 5-star character, she provides a lot of things Xingqiu does and offers better single-target damage. This is especially good for Diluc against some of the bosses on the 12th floor of the Spiral Abyss. She is also a great
character to have for exploration purposes
.
Furina
Furina
is an incredible support for pretty much any DPS character in
Genshin Impact,
and Diluc is no exception. While she is a bit harder to pilot for newer players and doesn't have the same amount of consistent Hydro application as Yelan and Xingqiu,
she deals a ludicrous amount of off-field damage
and is a solid healer as well. Furina synergises exceptionally well in teams where another character can constantly apply Hydro through different means, such as Swirl.
Sangonomiya Kokomi
Sangonomiya Kokomi
is the best option for players wanting a pure Hydro healer. She lacks the damage and versatility of the previously mentioned Hydro characters, but she can ensure Diluc almost never dies. Kokomi also has good Hydro application, which makes her a great choice for Vaporize teams.
For Melt
Kaeya
Kaeya
is the go-to Cryo character in most Diluc Melt teams. He has solid Cryo application, decent damage, and good mobility thanks to his passive, which reduces stamina consumption while sprinting. He is also a
character that every player receives for free
, which makes him easy to build as well. However, pairing him up with an Anemo support is usually needed, since his Cryo application isn't sufficient to consistently trigger Melt.
Rosaria
Rosaria
is a popular alternative to Kaeya, since she can boost Diluc's CRIT Rate while doing more consistent damage than Kaeya. However, much like Kaeya, Rosaria's Cryo application on its own isn't enough to chain Melt reactions, which makes an Anemo support necessary in teams consisting of Diluc and Rosaria.
Diona
Diona
is a good Cryo support that provides healing, shields, mobility and an extra source of Cryo application. She can be paired up with Rosaria or Kaeya to make applying Cryo a bit easier and help Diluc deal more consistent damage. Getting Diona to C6 also means she gives Diluc more Elemental Mastery, which is always welcome in a Melt team.
Healing, Support, & Damage Boost
The first two character slots in the team should be dedicated to Diluc and his Hydro/Cryo applicator. The third and fourth slots are usually for the support and another applicator of Vaporize or Melt.
For Swirl
Xianyun
Xianyun
is one of the main reasons why Diluc is a serviceable Pyro DPS. She enables Plunge attacks and creates consistent Swirl reactions that
synergize quite well with Vaporize team comps
. Diluc also has the highest Plunge attack scaling in the game, which makes Xianyun a vital piece in his best team comps.
Kazuha
Kaedehara Kazuha
is the more standard Anemo character to pair with Diluc for his ease of execution and supremely powerful kit. While he doesn't buff Diluc's damage in the same way as Xianyun, he provides consistent Cryo application to make Melt team comp very effective. Kazuha also deals respectable damage, which makes him an excellent support for Diluc in Melt teams. He also acts as a good replacement for Xianyun in Vaporize teams.
Venti
Venti
used to be one of the most popular Anemo supports in the game, but he has fallen off thanks to the introduction of Kazuha and Xianyun. His Swirl application is just not convenient enough compared to the latter two. However, players can still pair Venti up with Diluc and find good value when executing rotations properly.
Sucrose
Sucrose
, much like Venti, suffers from incosistent Swirl application, which hampers her ability to be a top Anemo unit in Melt teams. However, she is easily obtainable and can be maxed to C6 quickly. Sucrose is a solid option for F2P players looking for an Anemo unit to pair with Diluc, especially with the 4pc Viridescent Venerer set and increased Elemental Mastery.
Other Supports
Bennett
Bennett
is the one character that can never be separated from any Diluc team. His kit is tailor-made to supplement Diluc's damage output in every way possible. Getting Bennett to C6, which is quite easy considering his frequent appearances in character banners, allows him to buff Diluc's Pyro damage. In addition, Bennett provides a ludicrous damage boost through his ultimate and exceptional healing, which makes him the best dedicated healer for Diluc.
Zhongli
If players are looking to have a strong shielder for Diluc,
Zhongli
is the best pick.
The former Geo Archon
has a simple playstyle and can allow Diluc to have great uptime on the battlefield. Zhongli offers straighforward benefits and is a great choice in a plethora of Diluc team comps.
Related
Genshin Impact: Zhongli Build Guide
The best Zhongli build in Genshin Impact is the one that maximizes his supportive prowess.
Posts
Baizhu
Baizhu
is a niche option that only works in Burgeon-based team comps. If players are getting bored with a standard Melt or Vaporize Diluc team, opting for double Hydro and Baizhu is a nice change of pace to activate Burgeon reactions. However, it is to be noted that these comps are generally inferior to the standard Melt and Vaporize team comps.
Xiangling
Xiangling
is a good option in Mono Pyro teams. She provides a good amount of Pyro damage buff for Diluc and deals an incredibleamount of damage off-field. However, Mono Pyro teams can be easily countered by certain enemy lineups and lack powerful reactions to boost Diluc's damage even further.
Best Diluc Team Composition: Diluc/Furina/Xianyun/Bennett
Alternative options: Xingqiu, Yelan, Kazuha
This is Diluc's best team composition, as it combines the properities of Vaporize and Plunging attacks to maximize his damage. Furina is a more advanced option, but one that pays off immensely well when used properly. Xianyun can consistently apply Swirl, which activates the Viridescent Venerer 4-piece bonus and enables Diluc to unleash devastating Plunge attacks. To top it all off, Bennett provides an extraordinary amount of raw damage boost and excellent healing to help Diluc become a hyper-carry.
Best F2P Diluc Team Composition: Diluc/Xingqiu/Sucrose/Bennett
For players that do not have access to many 5-star characters or are completely F2P, replacing Furina and Xianyun with Xingqiu and Sucrose is a great alternative. Xingqiu is usually the safer option compared to Furina, and can apply Hydro more consistently. While Sucrose is not as powerful as Xianyun, she can provide bonus Elemental Mastery and the effects of the Viridescent Venerer set.
Best Melt Diluc Team Composition: Diluc/Kaeya/Kazuha/Bennett
Alternative options: Rosaria, Sucrose, Jean, Diona
This is the go-to Melt team composition for players wanting to opt for this Diluc playstyle. Rosaria is just as good as Kaeya and can be slotted in if players have a high enough constellation for her. Kazuha or any Anemo character is a must here, as Kaeya and Rosaria are not the best at applying consistent Cryo.
Double Hydro Diluc Team Composition: Diluc/Yelan/Xingqiu/Bennett
This is a slightly different variation of Diluc's best team comp, and focuses on getting as many Vaporize reactions as possible. Yelan and Xingqiu being in this team means that there will be permanent Hydro application and solid off-field DPS, which will greatly elevate Diluc's damage potential.
Mono Pyro Diluc Team Composition: Diluc/Xiangling/Kazuha/Bennett
Mono Pyro is a bit underwhelming for Diluc compared to the other comps mentioned in this guide. However, it is not a bad team comp by any means, and can help Diluc deal an incredible amount of Pyro damage. Xiangling and Bennett can greatly buff his Pyro damage and
Kazuha, with Viridescent Venerer
, can help in shredding the Pyro resistance of enemies.
More
Genshin Impact: Diluc Constellation Complete Guide
Diluc may no longer be the best Genshin Impact DPS, but he's still viable as a DPS.
Posts
By
Nahda Nabiilah
Video Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which recently released Nintendo cozy game do you prefer?
Pokemon Pokopia
Pokemon Pokopia
56.7%
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
43.3%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
9 Anime Swordsmen That Rival Sasuke Uchiha
7 Things the Tangled Live-Action Needs to Get Right Not to Fail
Fullmetal Alchemist: Every Type of Alchemy, Ranked