Genshin Impact: Diluc Best Team Compositions
By
William Quick
Published
Mar 1, 2022, 4:15 PM EST
Will Quick is a game player, journalist, and content creator currently living in Spain. He's spent a lot of time working as a video editor and graphic designer for sites like Guide Fall and plans to continue his efforts for TheGamer. When he's not playing or writing, he's drawing comics and making puns.
I've been writing about games and pop culture for over 5 years now with a focus on indie games. Since I started, I've had the opportunity to learn a lot about the industry, conduct research investigations, and most important, interview developers of all sorts. TheGamer is a great platform for me to share my thoughts and ideas while getting a chance to read the writings of others which broaden my perspective.
If I had to pick an expertise, I'd say it would be the diversity and development of independent games. In many ways, access to software like Unreal Engine and Unity has made indie development much more viable with pre-packaged tools like RPG Maker highlighting the creativity of a lot of folks. That being said, there will likely be a huge shift in indie development with Unity's new download fee that will go into effect at the start of 2024. In response, some dev teams will be taking their titles off the market to avoid this fee.
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Who Is Diluc?
Best Teammates For Diluc
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Being an online game,
Genshin Impact
will continue to update for a long time, which will expand the world and add more challenges for you to take on. It will also add new characters to the already growing roster of magic users and elemental warriors. There are so many creatures to fight and places to explore, so you'll want to make sure that your team is ready for anything.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best Weapons For Diluc
Though you'll frequently be controlling only one character at a time, you'll want to make sure that the members that you do decide to take along are up to the task. When heading out on the adventure, it's good to have a strong start with characters like Diluc.
Who Is Diluc?
Genshin Impact has a lot of notable characters, and Diluc stands out among them. Known as
Diluc Ragnvindr,
this character is from a noble background and has come to own the Dawn Winery. He is based in Monstadt where his reputation is quite in high standing.
Out in the field, his red hair complements
his natural element of Fire.
Diluc's weapon of choice is the Claymore, and he is tailored to be
the main DPS
in your party. All his attacks and abilities are made to dish out damage and buff his stats, so he can be more effective. As a result, however, he has
little to offer in terms of support and is unable to protect himself
effectively.
Best Teammates For Diluc
Since you'll want Diluc to focus entirely on dishing out damage and powering up,
you'll need characters to provide the support
needed so that he can stay in the fight. They'll also be needed to round out your party and add more variety
to compensate for Diluc's somewhat limited range of tactics.
With this in mind, there are several names you should consider adding to this type of team.
Xingqiu
This speedy sword user can be an effective attacker while also using his abilities
to strengthen and protect Diluc.
His main contribution is
Fatal Rainscreen
, which summons Rain Swords that reduce the amount of damage Diluc receives when he's your active character. They can also be boosted with Hydropathic to make it so that when a Rain Sword is destroyed,
it restores HP based on Xingqiu's max HP to Diluc.
Bennett
Though it makes sense to diversify your party elements, having
this Pyro user can greatly improve the performance of Diluc.
This is due to the
Inspiration Field that is created when Bennett uses Fantastic Voyage.
While the field is active, any character within
will regenerate HP until it reaches 70 percent and when it does, they'll receive an attack bonus
related to Bennet's base attack power.
Zhongli
When it comes to elements, there's nothing as hard and sturdy as Earth, also known as Geo. Having this warrior in your party can give Diluc
some much-needed protection during the fight.
This is provided by his skill
Dominus Lapidis, which allows him to create a Jade Shield
that provides 150 percent damage absorption against both physical and elemental attacks.
It will also aid Diluc in close combat since
it lowers the overall resistance of enemies in a small area around it.
By boosting it with Resonant Waves, the Jade Shield will Fortify itself
(a five percent Shield Strength increase)
every time it takes damage, stacking up to five times.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: The Best Builds For Diluc, Ranked
Gaming Guides
Live-Service Games
Triple-A Games
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
26.4%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
19.8%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.0%
007 First Light
007 First Light
9.2%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.5%
Other
Other
21.1%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Is It Still Worth Buying A PlayStation Portal?
Marathon Takes Priority As More Devs Are Working On Its Post-Launch Support Than Destiny 2
Just Two Films In, The Mario Movies Have Almost Doubled Sonic's Box Office Earnings