Genshin: Is Diluc Good? (Pros & Cons) – FandomSpot
All
Sims 4
Lists
Memes
Fandoms
ALL POSTS
SIMS 4
LISTS
MEMES
BROWSE ALL FANDOMS
Pokémon
Skyrim
Minecraft
Memes
Anime
Genshin Impact
TS4 Maxis Match
Genshin: Is Diluc Good? (Pros & Cons)
BY
Maeri Mgdrg
This post may contain affiliate links. If you buy something we may get a small commission at no extra cost to you. (
Learn more
).
Diluc is a viable character that isn’t insanely good, only because he often falls behind fellow Pyro DPS units. He’s not among the best or strongest units in-game, so there’s really no meta reason to pull or build him. He
works
, but there are far better characters that can fill his role.
For instance, Xiangling is a free character who’s miles ahead of Diluc in damage. And since they often use the same teammates (like Bennett and Xingqiu), it’s always optimal to just use Xiangling.
However, Diluc does have the benefit of being
very easy to play
. He’s an excellent pick for early-game players that don’t want to deal with building enough Energy Recharge, deeper game mechanics, and stricter rotations that often come with stronger DPS units.
Instead, Diluc is a very safe unit to build.
His gameplay is straightforward with a bit of min-maxing potential – but that’s also not necessary. He will deal decent damage whether you know what you’re doing or not.
In summary, he’s great for casual and early-game players but falls far behind when it comes to meta.
Note:
This is on meta only. If you like Diluc regardless of his power level, don’t let this stop you from playing him.
Table of Contents
HIDE
Pros & Cons
Diluc Strengths
1. Easy to Play with Min-Maxing Potential
2. Good Shield-Breaking Ability
Diluc Weaknesses
1. Relatively Underwhelming Personal Damage
2. Needs a Lot of Field Time
3. There’s Other Pyro Units
Are Diluc’s Constellations Good?
C1: Conviction
C2: Searing Amber
C3: Fire and Steel
C4: Flowing Flame
C5: Phoenix, Harbinger of Dawn
C6: Flaming Sword, Nemesis of the Dark
Is Redhorn Stonethresher Good on Diluc?
Prototype Archaic vs. Serpent Spine on Diluc?
Pros & Cons
Strengths
Weaknesses
Easy to play with min-maxing potential
Good shield-breaking ability
Relatively underwhelming personal damage
Needs a lot of field time thus locking him into the role of on-field Pyro DPS
Very often competes with other Pyro units
Diluc Strengths
1. Easy to Play with Min-Maxing Potential
Dragonstrike Diluc: (1) normal attack, (2) jump, (3) hitlag pushes him up, and (4) plunge attack
Diluc’s main strength is his ease of use – there’s basically no way you can play him ‘wrong’.
But although his playstyle is very straightforward, there’s still room for min-maxing or mechanically improving.
For instance, weaving normal attacks in between his skill casts to proc Xingqiu’s rain swords lets him trigger Vaporize reactions – thus buffing his damage by 1.5x.
Additionally, there are also some fun but less practical techniques that can be integrated into his gameplay. The most notable one is called
dragonstrike
.
This refers to dashing and attacking at the same time and then canceling that animation with a jump. Upon hitting an opponent, Diluc causes a hitlag that will push him upwards. Pressing attack while he’s mid-air lets him deal plunge damage – aka
dragonstrike
.
Plunge attack multipliers have very high multipliers, so consistently chaining plunge attacks or dragonstrikes will significantly increase Diluc’s DPS output.
However, this takes
a lot
of practice, so it’s less practical if you can’t do it consistently.
2. Good Shield-Breaking Ability
Diluc breaking Mitachurl’s wooden shield
Diluc’s short skill cooldown and low-cost energy give him access to consistent Pyro application. This makes him a good unit for breaking elemental shields, especially Cryo, Electro, and Dendro.
Plus the heavy hits of his claymore are also great for breaking non-elemental shields – like Geo shields.
This is a decent quality-of-life bonus that makes him better and more versatile against different shielded opponents.
Diluc Weaknesses
1. Relatively Underwhelming Personal Damage
Diluc’s idle animation
This weakness is very straightforward: Diluc has relatively lower damage multipliers and damage output.
He just falls behind other DPS units in-game, so there’s simply no meta reason to use him if you already have the other better options available.
2. Needs a Lot of Field Time
Diluc’s elemental skill
Diluc’s kit requires a lot of field time to cast his skills and burst, so he’s locked into the role of being an on-field Pyro DPS.
This essentially limits his playstyle and team-building options.
Diluc
can
work as an on-field driver, but there are far better units for this role – like Sucrose, Ayato, Raiden, and many more.
3. There’s Other Pyro Units
Other Pyro units: Xiangling, Hu Tao, Yoimiya, and Klee
Diluc often competes with other Pyro DPS units. Here’s a closer look at Diluc vs other relevant Pyro characters.
Pyro Unit
vs Diluc
Xiangling
Xiangling is simply better than Diluc in both DPS and Pyro application.
However, she’s harder to play for early-game players that don’t have access to a lot of Energy Recharge (ER) stats – she generally needs upwards of 200% ER to work.
Hu Tao
Hu Tao is better than Diluc against single-target and fewer opponents.
However, she’s significantly more mechanically challenging to play – and attack combos are needed to get her favorable damage output.
Yoimiya
Yoimiya has better DPS output against single-target but falls behind Diluc in AOE.
She’s also more easily staggered and feels clunkier to play because of her ICD mechanics – this is further explained in our Yoimiya pull guide.
Klee
Klee deals better damage than Diluc when played optimally – but this is hard to achieve and needs a lot of practice. So Diluc is always the more comfortable pick.
Are Diluc’s Constellations Good?
Diluc’s constellation screen
All of Diluc’s constellations focus on dealing more damage – and they’re definitely nice to have but never needed.
Regardless, you’ll naturally get his cons while pulling in the limited and standard banner. So here’s a closer look at each one.
C1: Conviction
Diluc deals 15% more damage against opponents who are above 50% HP.
This is a decent damage gain, especially against opponents with higher HP, such as bosses. This guarantees a longer uptime on the effect.
C2: Searing Amber
When Diluc takes damage, his ATK increases by 10%, and his attack speed increases by 5%. These effects last for 10s. This can also stack up to 3 times and can only be triggered once every 1.5s.
It’s a situational damage gain, so it’s harder to gauge its value. Regardless, the 30% ATK and 15% attack speed buff are always appreciated.
C3: Fire and Steel
Increases his elemental skill talent level by 3.
This is a small but unconditional damage increase.
C4: Flowing Flame
2s after casting Diluc’s skill, his next skill cast in the combo will deal 40% additional damage. This effect lasts for 2s.
C4 effectively buffs his skill damage when casting it 2s-4s after the previous combo. This small window before the buff takes effect lets him perform a few normal attacks to proc Xingqiu’s burst and prepare for a Vaporize reaction.
However, waiting for 2s between skill casts is generally not recommended.
This is because it greatly extends the team’s rotation – enough so that Diluc runs out of buffs from sources with a short uptime, such as Bennett’s burst or Kazuha’s passive.
C4 is mainly a damage gain in easier content that doesn’t need proper rotations.
C5: Phoenix, Harbinger of Dawn
Increases his elemental burst talent level by 3.
This increases his burst multipliers – which is a decent, direct damage gain.
C6: Flaming Sword, Nemesis of the Dark
After casting Diluc’s skill, the next 2 normal attacks within the next 6s have their damage and attack speed increased by 30%. His skill also won’t interrupt his normal attack combo.
C6 is Diluc’s best overall constellation mainly because of its second effect.
Diluc’s normal attack string has increasing damage multipliers, so the next hit basically deals more damage than the previous.
However, it’s always optimal to just perform 2 normal attacks in between skill casts, so Diluc doesn’t use his 3rd and 4th normal attack hit – aka the ones with the highest multipliers.
But thanks to his C6’s second effect, he can now perform his 3rd and 4th normal attack hit a few times per rotation. This is a notable damage gain.
The first effect is also good, but its buffs reset whenever Diluc dashes or gets staggered out of an animation. Assuming this doesn’t happen, then the first effect is also a nice damage gain.
Is Redhorn Stonethresher Good on Diluc?
Diluc with Redhorn Stonethresher
Redhorn Stonethresher is a great weapon on Diluc – and it’s one of his best options.
However, its low Base ATK requires some compensation from external ATK buffs, specifically Bennett. Without Bennett, Redhorn becomes a slightly worse weapon option.
Additionally, its passive is basically an unconditional damage gain – but don’t build him with DEF because of it!
Is it worth pulling Redhorn Stonethresher for Diluc? Absolutely not.
There are better and more accessible options that don’t require a gamble of up to 240 intertwined fates. Other good alternatives include Serpent Spine,
Rainslasher
, and Wolf’s Gravestone.
Prototype Archaic vs. Serpent Spine on Diluc?
Diluc with Serpent Spine
Serpent Spine is easily among Diluc’s best weapons – it can even outperform all 5-star claymores at Refinement Rank 5 (R5) with full stacks. But it
is
a paywalled weapon from the battlepass.
Prototype Archaic is only a decent option on Diluc – and it’s far behind Serpent Spine.
So to help you out, here are some weapon options that are better than Prototype Archaic and more accessible than Serpent Spine:
Rainslasher
Lithic Blade
Luxurious Sea-Lord
Browse:
Genshin Impact
Video Games
Maeri Mgdrg
Maeri is an avid gacha player currently in the clutches of Genshin Impact. She mainly focuses on character analyses, underlying game mechanics, and occasionally reading game code. She also yearns for the day that Dainsleif is finally playable.
Keep Browsing
List of All Fandoms
Related Posts
Genshin Impact: Is Kaeya Good? (Pros & Cons)
Genshin Impact: Is Kuki Shinobu Good? (Pros & Cons)
Genshin Impact: Is Fischl Good? (Pros & Cons)
Genshin Impact: Is Beidou Good? (Pros & Cons)
Genshin Impact: Is Gorou Good? (Pros & Cons)
Genshin: Is Thoma Good? (Pros & Cons)
Genshin Impact: Is Amber Good? (Pros & Cons)
Browse Fandoms
The Sims 4
Meme Galleries
Listicles
Fun content on everything pop culture. Video games, movies, TV shows, cartoons, anime, toys, comics, and so much more.
Follow us
Blog
About
Privacy
Terms
Contact Us
All Fandoms
Pokémon
Dark Souls
Final Fantasy
Kingdom Hearts
Stardew Valley
Skyrim
Fallout
Minecraft
Nintendo
RuneScape
Super Mario
D&D 5e
Yu-Gi-Oh
The Sims 4
Animal Crossing
Fate/Grand Order
League of Legends
Anime
Disney
Nickelodeon
Cartoon Network
Genshin Impact
Epic Seven
EU4
CK3
Stellaris
Memes
Gacha Games
Tabletop Games
© 2025 FandomSpot
All other assets & trademarks are property of their original owners.
FandomSpot is neither affiliated with nor endorsed by any brands or trademarks on this site unless explicitly stated.