Task Search
Checklists
Guides
Markers
Videos
Sort and Filter
No Results
Checklists
New Checklist
All Lists
My Checklists
All
All Lists
My Checklists
How creative can you get with your first free checklist?
Create a free account
All Interactive Maps and Locations
Genshin Impact Citlali Build Guide - Best Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
By
Cedric Pabriga
,
Jen Rothery
,
Triforce
,
+30 more
Updated
:
Jan 13, 2025 6:34pm UTC
Citlali is the premier Cryo support unit from Natlan that enables the strongest Hydro and Pyro DPS characters in the game to become even stronger. She offers utility in both shielding and a plethora of buffs, while also debuffing enemies, and she's even friendly for F2P players when it comes to gear! This guide to the
best Genshin Impact Citlali build
will explain the best weapons, artifact sets, constellations, and team compositions for Citlali.
Citlali
Rarity:
★★★★★
Element:
Cryo
Weapon:
Catalyst
Table of Contents:
How to Get Citlali
Citlali Gameplay Overview
Citlali Talents and Attack Combos
Citlali Constellation Analysis
Citlali's Best Weapons
Citlali's Best Artifacts
Citlali's Best Teams
How to Get Citlali in Genshin Impact
Citlali is a limited 5-star character, meaning the only way one can snag a copy of her is on her limited-time banners.
Genshin Citlali Gameplay Overview
Element:
Cryo
Weapon:
Catalyst
Rarity:
5-star
Citlali is a dedicated support focused on buffing
Melt
and
Freeze
reactions. Her damage is unimpressive, even when her Burst is superpowered by her passives, but still respectable. What sets her apart from other dedicated supports, especially in Cryo, is her amount of Cryo application, which allows for Forward Melt reactions from high-power Pyro DPS units.
Normally, Forward Melt is not viable, as it’s difficult to consistently apply enough Cryo to enemies for Pyro characters to take advantage of for more than one or two hits per rotation. Pyro-on-Cryo depletes twice as much Cryo aura as Cryo would deplete Pyro aura. Reverse Melt allows Cryo DPS’s to Reverse Melt multiple hits at the cost of lower multipliers. Many of the best DPS’s at time of writing, however, are Pyro characters with slow enough Pyro application to Forward Melt.
When factoring in equipment and passives, a C0 Citlali provides the following buffs:
48% ATK to On Field DPS (Thrilling Tales Weapon) or 28% DMG (Signature Weapon)
40% damage bonus for elements involved in a reaction she triggers (4pc Cinder City)
20% Pyro/Hydro RES shred when using Freeze or Melt
Forward Melts enabled for Pyro DPS’s
Moderate shield to stop your DPS from getting interrupted
She is an energy-hungry support, needing upwards of 190% Energy Recharge to consistently Burst, and her shield scales off of her Elemental Mastery. These will be her main stats of investment.
Overall, Citlali buffs some of the most powerful characters in the game at time of writing while allowing for a newly viable team archetype to get some love. She will certainly help your Pyro DPS units carry you to victory in endgame content.
Stats Worth Consideration
EM
: This is the stat Citlali’s shield scales with
Energy Recharge
: This ensures you can reliably Burst. Necessary in order to build enough Nightsoul Points to enable her Skill.
For any character devoted to building damage, it is important to prioritize a 1-to-2 ratio between CRIT Rate and CRIT DMG. 1-3 ratios, while they may give dopamine through bigger Crit numbers, is actually less damage overall. Aim for 75;150 in most cases!
Genshin Citlali Talents and Attack Combos
Your talent-levelling priority should be Skill > Burst.
Normal Attack
Citlali is a dedicated support who does not deal sufficient damage with Normal Attacks to consider investing.
Elemental Skill
Citlali’s Skill creates a shield that scales with her Elemental Mastery stat. After dealing an instance of damage, it generates 24 Nightsoul Points. It also summons a small dragon companion that functions as a ‘turret’ that deals AoE Cryo damage in a circle around the active character, so long as Citlali has 50 Nightsoul Points.
The shield is adequate, but not strong enough to compare with Layla or Zhongli. The shield should be considered more of a bonus than the main appeal of the Skill. What makes the Skill so useful is the amount of Cryo application; it is enough to overpower other elemental auras, including Pyro auras on enemies, in order to facilitate Forward Melt reactions.
The reason this is so important is because Pyro attacks on Cryo-affected enemies get a 100% damage boost, plus more based on the Elemental Mastery stat of the attacking character. This allows powerful Pyro DPS units like Mavuika to nuke enemies for tons of damage on a single hit.
Reaching 50 Nightsoul Points will be trivial; using Citlali’s Skill and Burst back-to-back will already generate enough points to enable the turret to apply Cryo.
Elemental Burst
The Burst, when used, will hit for a powerful single instance of Cryo damage while also following up with additional hits from summoned skulls that linger around enemies. The initial Burst generates 24 Nightsoul Points and skull detonations restore 3.
Citlali isn’t built for damage, but she still deals a decent amount of it with her Burst, so it’s prudent to level this talent. The Skill takes priority to enhance the strength of the shield, since more of Citlali’s damage will actually come from all the buffs she offers her team, especially Hydro and Pyro teammates.
Citlali
Passives
Next, come her passives.
When Citlali’s dragon (Skill) is on the field (even when she herself is off-field), Freeze and Melt reactions from anyone will reduce Hydro and Pyro resistance of enemies by 20% for 12s and Citlali will gain 16 Nightsoul Points.
Another passive grants impressive Elemental Mastery scaling to Citlali’s Skill and Burst. Skill damage is increased by 90% of Elemental Mastery and Burst damage by a whopping 1200%. Furthermore, Nightsoul Bursts across the team each generate 4 Nightsoul Points.
Yet another passive allows Citlali to use Phlogiston to enable her to float in the air. While holding the attack input, she can interact with graffiti and sigils in Natlan and retrieve information.
Finally, Nightsoul Bursts generate Phlogiston.
Citlali
Field Time Inputs
Citlali’s field time should be executed as such:
Citlali Skill
Citlali Burst
Swap to your primary DPS.
Genshin Citlali Constellation Analysis
Citlali is a fully functional character at C0 and she does not require her constellations. C2 is a safe stopping point.
Constellation Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
C1.
Citlali's Skill now allows teammate Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attacks to gain a damage boost of 200% of Citlali’s Elemental Mastery. These trigger based on stacks of Stellar Blade, which Citlali gains 10 of while using her Burst. Freeze and Melt reactions add three more stacks.
More motivation to build as much Elemental Mastery on Citlali as possible. This buff is reminiscent of Shenhe, whose damage buffs work similarly. Flat damage bonuses are especially good when there are many such attacks.
C2.
+125 EM. Teammates shielded by Citlali’s shield gain +250 EM. The shield will expand to teammates in co-op as well. Even further, the Pyro and Hydro RES-shred from her passive becomes a total of 40%, rather than 20%.
A fantastic support constellation that really rewards Forward Melt compositions. Other comparable sources of EM are C2 Kazuha, Full EM Nahida, and Full EM Sucrose, and in all of these cases, the Elemental Mastery buff massively increases damage.
C3.
Increase Skill talent level by 3.
Merely a buff to the shield and some damage. It doesn’t increase Citlali’s application, which is arguably the most important part of the kit.
C4.
When During the Skill, when Citlali’s dragon hits enemies with its empowered state, another Spiritvessel Skull it summoned. When it explodes, it deals 1800% of Citlali's Elemental Mastery as Nightsoul-aligned AoE Cryo DMG and restores 16 Nightsoul points and 8 Energy for Citlali. This effect can trigger once every 8s. This DMG is not considered Elemental Burst DMG.
The damage increase is nice, but it’s not worth the primogems to go all the way to C4. However, the added Nightsoul Points and energy is nice for making her Burst easier to pull off.
C5.
Increases Skill talent level by 3.
Just damage.
C6.
Removes Nightsoul Point requirement for the Skill to enter its empowered state, and the state will not end when Nightsoul Points deplete. Skill now generates Secret Law points (40 max), and each point increases Pyro and Hydro damage by 1.5% and Citlali’s damage by 2.5%
Not only does this give Citlali’s Skill (essentially) unlimited uptime, but it also grants a 60% DMG bonus to Pyro and Hydro enemies. Citlali’s damage is nice, but not as important as the teamwide buffs.
Genshin Citlali's Best Weapons
Citlali’s weapon choices are interesting. You only need support weapons. Sure, the fancy signature weapon is nice, but you will get by just fine with an R5 Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayer; a 3-star weapon used for buffing the next character you swap to.
Weapon Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
Starcaller's Watch
265 EM
Increases Elemental Mastery by 100. Gain the "Mirror of Night" effect within 15s after the equipping character creates a shield: The current active party member deals 28% increased DMG to nearby opponents. You can gain the "Mirror of Night" effect once every 14s.
Best-in-Slot
An excellent choice for Citlali if you find it to be worth the primogems. The DMG bonus is basically universal and will be better when Citlali is paired with Hydro DPS units, since they often do not utilize the ATK stat that F2P weapon Thrilling Tales would buff.
Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayer (R5)
35.2% HP
When switching characters, the new character taking the field has their ATK increased by 48% for 10s. This effect can only occur once every 20s.
Budget Best-In-Slot
Comparable to Citlali’s signature weapon in teams where the on-field DPS utilizes their ATK stat. You get about 80% of the results of the signature for zero primogems, which is a really great deal. Just remember to plot out your rotations so you always swap from Citlali to your main DPS, otherwise, the buff will be wasted for the rotation.
Genshin Citlali's Best Artifacts
Sands
– EM or ER, depending on needs.
Goblet
– EM
Circlet
– EM
The Natlan artifact set, Scroll of Hero of Cinder City, is the best artifact set for any Natlan support. Everything else is a good amount worse. However, multiple instances of Cinder City don’t stack. If your team already has a Cinder City holder, use 4pc Tenacity of the Millelith.
Artifact Set Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
4pc Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City
2pc: When a nearby party member triggers a Nightsoul Burst, the equipping character regenerates 6 Elemental Energy.
4pc: After the equipping character triggers a reaction, all party members +12% Elemental DMG Bonus for the Elements involved in the reaction for 15s. If the equipping character is in the Nightsoul's Blessing state when triggering this effect, all nearby party members gain an additional 28% Elemental DMG Bonus for 20s. The equipping character can trigger this effect while off-field, and the DMG bonus from Artifact Sets with the same name do not stack.
Best Overall Option
Citlali will have all buffs active during all points of his field time where it matters. The 2-piece is a guaranteed Favonius weapon proc equivalent, and her 4pc guarantees 40% damage increase for Geo and whatever she Crystallizes with.
Genshin Citlali's Best Teams
Citlali does not excel in Freeze teams, despite offering many buffs to Hydro units, and synergies with Hydro DPS units like Neuvillette will want Citlali to have her signature weapon – a strong, but unnecessary asset.
As such, Citlali pairs best with a powerful Pyro DPS that has slow Pyro application in order to facilitate Forward Melt reactions.
Guide Character
Pyro DPS
Flex
Probably Bennett
Specific Teammate Choices
Teammate Choices
Character Name
Notes
Character Name
Notes
Bennett
Support / Healer
C1+ Recommended
Huge Teamwide Flat ATK Buff
Rapid Healing Within AoE
Great Pyro energy supplier
Short Cooldowns on Skill/Burst
Accessible via Paimon's Bargains
Mavuika
Pyro DPS
Incredible damage when paired with Natlan characters.
Slow Pyro application works well with Forward Melt reactions.
No energy requirements
Perhaps the strongest Pyro DPS at time of writing.
Arlecchino
Pyro On-Field DPS
Extremely potent Pyro DPS
No energy requirement
Benefits from having a shield
Can Forward Melt thanks to standard ICD on infused attacks.
Chasca
Anemo On-Field DPS
Excellent mobility
Benefits from multiple elements on team
Benefits from having a shield
Limited team selection; expects Furina and Bennett.
Furina
Off-Field DPS / Support
Large, universal DMG% buff as long as you have a healer.
Great personal damage while off-field.
Decent Hydro application
Great for long rotations due to long Skill duration.
Xilonen
Support
Natlan character who can hold 4pc Scroll of Cinder City for massive teamwide buffs
Multiple elemental resistance-shred
Near-universal Pyro/Electro/Cryo/Hydro buffer
Extremely flexible
Often wields Favonius Sword for energy generation.
Up Next:
Genshin Impact Ororon Build Guide - Best Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
Previous
Genshin Impact Mavuika Build Guide - Best Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
Next
Genshin Impact Ororon Build Guide - Best Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
Top Guide Sections
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna IV Release Time and Details
Genshin Impact Luna III Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna II Release Date and Details
Was this guide helpful?
Leave feedback
In This Guide
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Initial Release:
Sep 27, 2020
+2
Learn more
Go to comments