Share
Facebook
𝕏
Reddit
Email
Gorou is an older four-star character who can be great with this build guide for any Geo team for Genshin Impact.
Best Gorou build in Genshin Impact (Image via HoYoverse)
One of the staples in Geo teams for
Genshin Impact
was Gorou. Being a support unit, you will have to build him properly to see maximum gains from him. This is even more important since he is a
four-star unit
. So, use this build guide for Gorou to get the most out of him in Genshin Impact. This guide includes the best teams, artifacts, and weapons for Gorou.
Best Artifact Sets for Gorou in Genshin Impact
The best Artifact sets for Gorou (Image via HoYoverse)
Gorou was predominantly used in Geo teams. He has a bunch of five-star and four-star Artifact sets, which you can use for the best Gorou build in Genshin Impact:
Role
Artifact Set
Effect
Def DPS/Geo Support
The Exile
2pc:
Energy Recharge +20%.
4pc:
Using an Elemental Burst regenerates 2 Energy for all party members (excluding the wearer) every 2s for 6s. This effect cannot stack.
Def DPS/Geo Support
Emblem of Severed Fate + Husk of Opulent Dreams (2pc + 2pc)
2pc:
Energy Recharge +20%
2pc:
DEF +30%
At C4 (Constellation 4), Gorou can heal your character based on your Defence. However, if you have not yet reached this upgrade, then using The Exile set is perfectly feasible.
Recommended Artifact Stats
You should ideally use only those Artifacts with the corresponding main stats for Gorou. These will provide you with smoother rotations and better healing.
Artifact Piece
Main Stat
Goblet
Energy Recharge
Sands
Def %
Circlet
Def % / Crit Rate/ Crit Damage
Since Gorou is a support unit, his Artifacts’ main stats and sub-stats might look very different compared to a main-DPS unit. You will want to prioritize them in the following order:
Energy Recharge
Def %
Crit Rate
Best Weapons for Gorou in Genshin Impact
The best Gorou weapons are mostly four-stars (Image via HoYoverse)
Since Gorou is a support unit, he primarily relies on using his Elemental Skill and Burst together, in a rotation. This will allow you to effectively buff your main DPS unit. From the preferred Artifact stats, you might have picked up that Energy Recharge is a more valuable stat for Gorou, compared to Crit Rate and Damage.
Therefore, you will likely be using four-star options for Gorou, as they have the favorable stats you want.
Best 5-star Weapons for Gorou in Genshin Impact
The best 5-star weapon options for a good Gorou build in Genshin Impact are:
Weapon
Role and Reason
Stat
Effect
Elegy for the End
Support:
This is a good option for Gorou simply owing to its Energy Recharge stat.
55.1% Energy Recharge
Increases Elemental Mastery by 60.
When the Elemental Skills or Elemental Bursts of the character wielding this weapon hit opponents, that character gains a Sigil of Remembrance. This effect can be triggered once every 0.2s and can be triggered even if said character is not on the field.
When you possess 4 Sigils of Remembrance, all of them will be consumed, and all nearby party members will obtain the “Millennial Movement: Farewell Song” effect for 12s.
“Millennial Movement: Farewell Song” increases Elemental Mastery by 100 and increases ATK by 20%. Once this effect is triggered, you will not gain Sigils of Remembrance for 20s.
This is basically the only usable five-star weapon for Gorou. The rest of the weapons all prioritize Crit Rate and Crit Damage. This actually makes them sub-par for a support Gorou build in Genshin Impact.
Best F2P Weapons for Gorou in Genshin Impact (Free To Play)
There are lots of 4-star weapons that also perform on par and usually better than most 5-star weapons for the best Gorou build in Genshin Impact. These will be detailed below:
Weapon
Role and Reason
Stat
Effect
Favonius Warbow
Any Support Role
: Increased particle generation lets you keep using your Elemental Burst constantly.
61.3% Energy Recharge
CRIT Hits have a 100% chance to generate a small amount of Elemental Particles, which will regenerate 6 Energy for the character. Can only occur once every 6s.
Sacrificial Bow
Any Support Role
: More Energy Recharge is always nice. On top of this, it lets you use your Skill twice in a row, which allows for more particle generation.
30.6% Energy Recharge
After dealing damage to an opponent with an Elemental Skill, the skill has a 80% chance to end its own CD. Can only occur once every 16s.
End of the Line
Any Support Role
: Just a decent weapon, with the right stats. Not the best choice, but still usable when you don’t have the above options.
45.9% Energy Recharge
Triggers the Flowrider effect after using an Elemental Skill, dealing 160% ATK as AoE DMG upon hitting an opponent with an attack. Flowrider will be removed after 15s or after causing 3 instances of AoE DMG. Only 1 instance of AoE DMG can be caused every 2s in this way. Flowrider can be triggered once every 12s.
Note:
The above weapon effects are at
Refinement 5 and level 90
. This is because four-star weapons are considerably easier to obtain, and some of these can even be crafted. So, you can easily obtain multiple copies of these weapons in most cases.
Related:
Genshin Impact: Best 5-Star Characters Tier List
Best Teams for Gorou in Genshin Impact
Best Gorou teams in Genshin Impact (Image via Hoyoverse)
You can use the best Gorou build in Genshin Impact, but it won’t let you deal damage without a proper team. Some of the best premium Gorou teams will be detailed below:
Character 1
Character 2
Character 3
Character 4
Gorou
Itto
Zhongli
Chiori/Xilonen/Albedo
Gorou
Zibai
Columbina
Illuga
Gorou
Itto
Xiangling
Bennett
The above teams rely on Defence-scaling attackers, like Itto and Zibai. However, if you don’t have them, then an easy free-to-play option exists as well.
Character 1
Character 2
Character 3
Character 4
Gorou
Noelle
Xiangling
Bennett
Noelle can be obtained for free from the beginner banner, while Xiangling is another free unit. You can also buy Bennett from the Exchange Store. This gives you an easy method for making a free-to-play team for Gorou. However, do note that Noelle will need a lot more Energy Recharge compared to Itto and Zibai. That will wrap up the best Gorou support build for Genshin Impact.
Thank you for reading the article. We provide the latest news and create guides for new and old titles, including
Baldur’s Gate 3
, Roblox, Destiny 2, and more.
Roblox
Baldur’s Gate 3 Guides
Destiny 2 Guides