Skirk Genshin Impact build guide: Artifacts, weapons, and more
Gaming
June 18, 2025
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
WhatsApp
Skirk is a 5-star Cryo Main DPS
in
Genshin Impact
that has a unique playstyle with a focus on Normal and Charged Attacks.
She is best utilized in Freeze teams
and has two different Elemental Bursts depending on her form.
To make Skirk into a monster DPS for your account, having the right build is absolutely essential. This article provides a brief and precise rundown on the best Skirk build in Genshin Impact.
Skirk Best Artifacts in Genshin Impact
Skirk’s best Artifacts are
Finale of the Deep Galleries and Marechaussee Hunter.
The former is the best option generally as it is an artifact set tailored for Skirk’s kit.
However, Marechaussee Hunter performs slightly better in Furina teams. If you want to use Skirk permanently with Furina, opt for Marechaussee. Otherwise, FotDG is the safer choice to use on Skirk.
Skirk Artifact stats, substats and Talent priority in Genshin Impact
Skirk’s recommended Artifact stats and substats in Genshin Impact are very straightforward as she doesn’t need any Elemental Mastery and Energy Recharge. Focus on getting the follow stats for Skirk’s Artifacts:
Sands: ATK%
Goblet: Cryo DMG %
Circlet: CRIT Rate/DMG
Substat priority: CRIT Rate/DMG > ATK%
> ATK
For Skirk’s talent priority, the following order is the most optimal:
Related
How to get the Mass Effect armor in Dragon Age The Veilguard
Elemental Skill > Elemental Burst > Normal Attack
Skirk Best Weapons in Genshin Impact
Here are some of Skirk’s best weapons in Genshin Impact:
Azurelight (Signature Weapon)
Haran Geppaku Futsu
Absolution
Primordial Jade Cutter
Uraku Misugiri
Mistsplitter Reforged
The Black Sword
Finale of the Deep
Wolf-Fang
Calamity of Eshu
Azurelight is easily Skirk’s best weapon in Genshin Impact as it is her signature. If you can’t afford to pull for Skirk and her weapon, 5-star stat sticks like Absolution, Uraku Misugiri, and Mistplitter Reforged are good options.
Haran Geppaku Futsu is the second best weapon on her as it provides a large amount of Normal Attack DMG bonus. For F2P players, Finale of the Deep, Wolf-Fang and The Black Sword are the best 4-star weapons on Skirk.
Calamity of Eshu is another incredibly potent 4-star weapon but it is not obtainable anymore as it was part of the 5.2 Limited Event.
Tags
Genshin Impact
Open World Games
PC Gaming
Siddarth Narasimman
Siddarth Narasimman is an Esports and Gaming writer who specializes in covering a wide array of games. His primary focus lies in Genshin Impact, Wuthering Waves, Zenless Zone Zero, League of Legends, Counter-Strike, and Valorant, with additional expertise on games such as Dead by Daylight, Marvel Rivals, and Hollow Knight.Apart from writing, Siddarth loves to hit the gym and spend time watching interesting videos and TV shows.
Search
Latest articles
How to Maximize Soul Farming in Every Deadlock Game
April 24, 2026
Major Xbox Game Pass Strategy Pivot Could Finally Save It From Sinking
April 23, 2026
Deadlock complete Counter Item guide
April 22, 2026
Top 7 Games where the antagonist is an AI
April 21, 2026
Previous article
Grow a Garden Dragon Pepper guide
Next article
All War Thunder codes (June 2025)
Related articles
How to Maximize Soul Farming in Every Deadlock Game
Gaming
April 24, 2026
Major Xbox Game Pass Strategy Pivot Could Finally Save It From Sinking
Gaming
April 23, 2026
Deadlock complete Counter Item guide
Gaming
April 22, 2026