Amber Genshin Impact Complete Guide: Character Profile, Gameplay And Best Builds
Muhammad Kumar
-
Sep 13, 2021
|
Mobile Games
Amber is often called the most weakest/useless character in Genshin Impact, however, you only need the right build to make her powerful.
How To Solve Puzzle Of The Watatsumi Statue - Solitary Sea-Beast Genshin Impact World Quest
Celestia Genshin Impact Guide: How To Spot Teyvat's Floating Island
Diona Genshin Impact Complete Guide
Amber is a 4-star Pyro Bow user in Genshin Impact. She is literally the first playable character you meet in the game and is generally considered to be weak. However, this is a misconception, as all characters in Genshin are powerful when built right. In this article, we are going to showcase a complete guide for
Amber Genshin Impact
, including character profile, gameplay and best builds.
Table of Contents
1 - Genshin Impact Amber Profile
2 - Amber Genshin Impact Abilities
3 - Amber Genshin Impact Passives
4 - Amber Genshin Impact Constellation
5 - Amber Genshin Impact Gameplay & Best Build
Amber In Genshin Impact
1 - Genshin Impact Amber Profile
Amber is an Outrider of the Knights of Favonius. She is cheerful, friendly, and always ready to help the citizens of Mondstadt. Furthermore, Amber has no problem talking to strangers as if they are already acquaintances - that's probably why she approached the player character first.
Amber has long, dark brown hair, gold eyes, and fair skin. Her outfit, 5-Star Outrider, is a uniform made for maximum mobility. Amber's most distinguishing feature is her headband with the large red bow that rests on her head, similar to the ears of a bunny.
2 - Amber Genshin Impact Abilities
As Amber is one of the earliest characters created and is free to obtain, she is rather underpowered. You need C4 for her full damage potential and C6 to get her to A-tier support. Overall, Amber is super easy to play, being a ranged character with fairly simple skills and a taunt for tanking. New players would have no problem using her.
Normal attack: Sharpshooter
Normal Attack: Perform up to 5 consecutive shots with a bow.
Charged Attack: Aim and charge a shot to deal more damage. Flame accumulates on the arrowhead while channeling, making a fully charged flaming arrow deals Pyro DMG.
Plunging Attack: Fires off a storm of arrows before landing, dealing AoE DMG on impact.
Amber and her explosive puppet.
Elemental Skill: Explosive Puppet
Summon a puppet named Baron Bunny that looks like Amber. It constantly taunts nearby enemies and explodes when expired or destroyed. Baron Bunny's HP is based on Amber's Max HP.
You can hold the skill to adjust the throwing direction. The throw range increases the longer you hold the button.
Elemental Burst: Fiery Rain
Amber's burst is fairly simple - she fires off a shower of arrows that continuously deals AoE Pyro DMG.
Amber's elemental burst creates a rain of fire arrows.
3 - Amber Genshin Impact Passives
Amber's kit revolves around dealing damage, however, she does not have crazy boosts like other
DPS characters
. This is probably the reason why Amber is so low on the tier list pre-C6.
1st Ascension Passive: Every Arrow Finds Its Target
Increases Fiery Rain's AoE by 30% and its CRIT Rate by 10%.
4th Ascension Passive: Precise Shot
Hitting weak spots with Aimed Shot increases ATK by 15% for 10s.
Utility Passive: Gliding Champion
Decreases gliding Stamina consumption for your own party members by 20%. This does not stack with other passives that share the exact same effects.
Amber's Charged Shot Damage can skyrocket if built right.
4 - Amber Genshin Impact Constellation
Overall, Amber can work as a Pyro Sub-DPS or Support/Elemental Resonance + Crowd Control. She only gains an actual good buffing skill at C6, however.
One Arrow to Rule Them All
: Aimed Shot fires an extra arrow that deals 20% of the first arrow's DMG.
Bunny Triggered
: You can manually detonate Baron Bunny with an Aimed Shot. The resulting explosion deals 200% additional DMG.
It Burns!
: Increases the Level of Fiery Rain by 3. The maximum upgrade level is 15.
It's Not Just Any Doll...
: Decreases Explosive Puppet's CD by 20% and adds 1 additional charge. This effectively doubles its damage potential.
It's Baron Bunny!
: Increases the Level of Explosive Puppet by 3. The maximum upgrade level is 15.
Wildfire
: Fiery Rain increases all party members' Movement SPD by 15% and ATK by 15% for 10s.
Amber Genshin Impact Constellation
5 - Amber Genshin Impact Gameplay & Best Build
Overall, there are two builds for Amber, Weakpoint DPS build and Pyro sub/DPS + Support Build.
Amber Weakpoint DPS Build
The best weapon for Amber DPS is
Amos' Bow
. It increases Normal and Charged Attack DMG by 12% outright and another 8% for every 0.1s the arrow is in the air. Stack 5 times. Alternatively, you can use Thundering Pulse, Skyward Harp, or The Viridescent Hunt.
Wanderer's Troupe x4
is the best artifact set for Amber DPS. It further increases her Charged Attack DMG  by 35%.
The Amos' Bow is the best weapon for DPS Amber Genshin Impact Build.
Amber Sub-DPS/Support Build
The best weapon for Amber Support build is the
Favonius Warbow
. It increases all party members' ATK by 20% for 12s every time Amber fires her Elemental Burst. On the other hand, if you need more CC or damage, you can replace the Favonius Warbow with the Sacrificial Bow or Skyward Harp.
Noblesse Oblige 4-Piece Set
is the best artifact set for this build. It gives all teammates+20% ATK for 12s after Amber's Burst.
The Favonius Warbow is the best weapon for Support Amber Genshin Impact Build.
Amber best team
Overall, Amber is a low-tier character that only gets used if you like her personality and design. Like all characters in Genshin Impact, she can definitely shine with the right investment, team comp and build. Below are the best teams that were built around Amber as a Core DPS.
Premium Team: Amber + Rosaria + Mona + Bennett
Amber's main focus is to charge and finish combos by triggering Melt for big damage.
Rosaria
is a good Cryo support for Amber. Furthermore, she would be the field DPS while Amber build up her Burst.
Mona
's Burst amplifies damages done to enemies, which further support amber. Her skill can also group enemies and procs Vaporize.
Bennett
is the main support that provides healing, damage boost, and battery boost to Amber.
F2P Team: Amber + Xiangling + Kaeya + Barbara
This build works the same as the previous one, with Amber serves as a Burst DPS for Melt.
Xiangling
is the main DPS that also synergizes with amber with her Pyro resistance down and elemental resonance.
You can combo
Kaeya
's Cryo with either Xiangling or Amber for Melt. Try to use his skill as a lead-up to Amber's Burst.
Barbara provides healing and procs Vaporize with Xiangling.
Amber Genshin Impact Trailer
>>> Related post:
Sucrose Genshin Impact Complete Guide: Character Profile, Gameplay And Best Builds
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
#Genshin Impact Guide
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025