Best Team Compositions For Amber In Genshin Impact
By
William Quick
Published
Mar 4, 2022, 3:30 PM EST
Will Quick is a game player, journalist, and content creator currently living in Spain. He's spent a lot of time working as a video editor and graphic designer for sites like Guide Fall and plans to continue his efforts for TheGamer. When he's not playing or writing, he's drawing comics and making puns.
I've been writing about games and pop culture for over 5 years now with a focus on indie games. Since I started, I've had the opportunity to learn a lot about the industry, conduct research investigations, and most important, interview developers of all sorts. TheGamer is a great platform for me to share my thoughts and ideas while getting a chance to read the writings of others which broaden my perspective.
If I had to pick an expertise, I'd say it would be the diversity and development of independent games. In many ways, access to software like Unreal Engine and Unity has made indie development much more viable with pre-packaged tools like RPG Maker highlighting the creativity of a lot of folks. That being said, there will likely be a huge shift in indie development with Unity's new download fee that will go into effect at the start of 2024. In response, some dev teams will be taking their titles off the market to avoid this fee.
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Who Is Amber?
The Best Team For Amber
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
JRPGs like to blend personalities and archetypes from all across the spectrum, and it's quite normal to have a party that pairs cynical war veterans with fun-loving teenagers. While this creates an interesting dynamic, it's strange that their fighting prowess is usually relatively equal despite differing experiences.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best Weapons For Amber
Genshin Impact
has a lot of characters of a youthful age, yet some are far more serious than others. Almost everyone is associated with some sort of organization dedicated to fighting or adventuring, and this is also true of Amber.
Who Is Amber?
As with any fantasy world, there are bound to be knights of some form or another. Amber is a member of
the
Knights Of Favonius
, and the only one bearing the title of Outrider. Amber is based in Mondstadt, where she aims to be as helpful as possible to those in need, whenever she can.
She's a character you can recruit early on, adding
a ranged bow-user with Pyro affinity
to your ranks. A sharpshooter by nature, her emphasis is on
DPS and precision attacks.
Check out our recommendations for the
best build
for Amber and where to get her
Ascension Materials
.
The Best Team For Amber
Since she's all about damage, Amber is limited in her role. However, other characters can support her, as well as take advantage of her summoned Baron Bunny — which serves as a handy distraction.
Diluc
This claymore-wielding
Pyro character makes for a great attacker. Just like Amber, Diluc's attacks and abilities are focused on dealing damage quickly and heavily. Since he's built for close combat, he can take full advantage of Amber's Bunny Baron to get even more hits in, for even greater damage. This, combined with his
attack boosts and skills such as Dawn
, makes him an effective DPS partner.
Diona
Every party needs a healer, and you can do no wrong with
this bow-wielding support.
With her healing and shielding, Diona provides everything that Amber needs in order to fight longer and harder. The
Drunken Mist component of her Signature Mix Elemental Burst
creates an area of effect that Amber can repeatedly use to stay healthy.
By using
Icy Paws to create a shield,
Amber receives damage absorption based on Diona's max HP.
Cat's Tail Secret Menu
, Diona's first Ascension Passive, adds a move speed boost and lowers Amber's stamina consumption by ten percent.
Mona
Though water is the opposite of fire, having
this Hydro catalyst-wielder
alongside Amber is a good decision. Mona's
Mirror Reflection Of Doom
creates a Phantom that draws enemy attacks and
fights back with Hydro damage
, similar to how Amber's bunny companion works.
This synergises very well with Amber's ranged attacks and
Aimed Shot
, piling on the damage. In addition,
the Illusory Bubble status from Mona's Stellaris Phantasm
can immobilize weaker enemies, making them prime targets. Meanwhile, stronger enemies will
be inflicted with an Omen,
making Amber's attacks even more effective.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact Complete Guide And Walkthrough
Gaming Guides
Live-Service Games
Triple-A Games
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
26.3%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
19.7%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.0%
007 First Light
007 First Light
9.2%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.7%
Other
Other
21.1%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Magic: The Gathering - All Secrets Of Strixhaven Emeritus Cards, Ranked
Final Fantasy 14 Will Probably Lose PS4 Support At Patch 8.2, Yoshida Warns
Crimson Desert's Looks Great In Top-Down Mode, Sort Of