Share
Facebook
𝕏
Reddit
Email
Discover the best Amber build for the endgame of Genshin Impact, including her strongest weapons, teams, and Artifact sets.
Best Amber build guide in Genshin Impact (Image via HoYoverse)
Amber is the first character we encounter in
Genshin Impact
(outside of the Traveler). Naturally, she is quite iconic within the entire roster, despite being quite removed from relevancy in recent years. However, you can still use her to clear content if you build her right. This Amber build will show you how to pick the best weapons, Artifacts, and teams for her in Genshin Impact.
Table of Contents
[
hide
]
Best Artifact Sets for Amber in Genshin Impact
Recommended Artifact Stats
Best Weapons for Amber in Genshin Impact
Best 5-star Weapons for Amber in Genshin Impact
Best F2P Weapons for Amber in Genshin Impact
Best Teams for Amber in Genshin Impact
Best Artifact Sets for Amber in Genshin Impact
Shimenawa’s Reminiscence (Image via HoYoverse)
Here are the best Artifact sets to use for the strongest Amber build in Genshin Impact:
Role
Artifact
Set Bonus
Main DPS
Shimenawa’s Reminiscence
2pc:
ATK +18%
4pc:
When casting an Elemental Skill, if the character has 15 or more Energy, they lose 15 Energy and Normal/Charged/Plunging Attack DMG is increased by 50% for 10s. This effect will not trigger again during that duration.
Main DPS
Wanderer’s Troupe
2pc:
Increases Elemental Mastery by 80.
4pc:
Increases Charged Attack DMG by 35% if the character uses a Catalyst or Bow.
Burst Support/Sub-DPS
Noblesse Oblige
2pc:
Elemental Burst DMG +20%
4pc:
Using an Elemental Burst increases all party members’ ATK by 20% for 12s. This effect cannot stack.
Recommended Artifact Stats
These are the recommended main stats for your best Artifacts for this Amber build in Genshin Impact:
Artifact
Stat
Sands
Elemental Recharge %
However, ATK % can also be used if you are able to comfortably use your Burst.
Goblet
Pyro DMG Bonus %
Circlet
CRIT Rate/Damage
Moreover, the preferred sub-stats for your Artifacts are:
Energy Recharge (until you meet Energy requirements)
Crit Rate/Crit Damage
Elemental Master
ATK %
Best Weapons for Amber in Genshin Impact
Astral Vulture’s Crimson Plumage (Image via HoYoverse)
There are tons of free-to-play and five-star premium weapons you can choose from. Naturally, the five-star weapons will almost always be the better choice for Amber.
Best 5-star Weapons for Amber in Genshin Impact
The best five-star weapons for this Amber build in Genshin Impact will be mentioned below, along with their reasons:
Weapon
Reason
Stat
Effect
Astral Vulture’s Crimson Plumage
You should try to use this weapon in Melt teams, while running Anemo and Cryo teams, since Amber will be able to use it quite efficiently.
CRIT Damage 66.2%
For 12s after triggering a Swirl reaction, ATK increases by 24%.
Additionally, when 1/2 or more characters in the party are of a different Elemental Type from the equipping character, the DMG dealt by the equipping character’s Charged Attacks is increased by 20/48%, and Elemental Burst DMG dealt is increased by 10/24%.
The First Great Magic
This is another five-star crit weapon that works well on Amber, since its passive works similarly to
Chasca
‘s signature weapon shown above.
CRIT Damage 66.2%
DMG dealt by Charged Attacks increased by 16%.
For every party member with the same Elemental Type as the wielder (including the wielder themselves), gain 1 Gimmick stack.
For every party member with a different Elemental Type from the wielder, gain 1 Theatrics stack.
When the wielder has 1/2/3 or more Gimmick stacks, ATK will be increased by 16/32/48. When the wielder has 1/2/3 or more Theatrics stacks, Movement SPD will be increased by 4/7/10.
Note:
The above weapon effects are at Refinement 1 and level 90.
Best F2P Weapons for Amber in Genshin Impact
The best free-to-play/four-star weapons are:
Weapon
Reason
Stat
Effect
Sharpshooter’s Oath
This is a great weapon, especially for a free-to-play one, since it has crit-stats while also increasing damage against weak points.
CRIT Damage 46.9%
Increases DMG against weak spots by 48%.
Hamayumi
If Amber is the primary attacker of the team, then the Hamayumi is one of the best options for her, since it buffs her Charged Attacks specifically.
ATK 55.1%
Increases Normal Attack DMG by 32% and Charged Attack DMG by 24%. When the equipping character’s Energy reaches 100%, this effect is increased by 100%.
Ibis Piercer
This weapon will increase your Elemental Mastery and Attack, both of which are definitely useful for Amber.
ATK 27.6%
The character’s Elemental Mastery will increase by 80 within 6s after Charged Attacks hit opponents. Max 2 stacks. This effect can be triggered once every 0.5s.
Note:
The above weapon effects are at
Refinement 5 and level 90
. This is because four-star weapons are considerably easier to obtain, and some of these can even be crafted. So, you can easily obtain multiple copies of these weapons in most cases.
Best Teams for Amber in Genshin Impact
Best Amber teams guide in Genshin Impact (Image via HoYoverse)
Amber should primarily be used at higher Constellations, and most of her good teams will be mentioned below:
Character 1
Character 2
Character 3
Character 4
Amber
Citlali
Furina
Bennett
Amber
Ganyu
Mavuika
Mona
Amber
Hu Tao
Yelan
Citlali
Meanwhile, the free-to-play teams, including Ambe,r would look like:
Character 1
Character 2
Character 3
Character 4
Amber
Diona
Dahlia
Bennett
Amber
Xiangling
Xingqiu
Layla
We provide simple and reliable guides for Genshin Impact characters. From builds to team comps, we help you make the most of every character. Check out some of our Genshin Impact character guides below
Genshin Impact: Best Varka Build Guide
Genshin Impact: Best Durin Build Guide
Genshin Impact: Best Venti Build Guide
Genshin Impact: Best Fischl Build Guide
Genshin Impact: Best Albedo Build Guide