Amber is a playable Pyro character in Genshin Impact. We decided to write this guide to help you learn more about Amber. In our Genshin Impact Amber Build and Best Team Comp post you will learn about Amber’s talents, how they work and how to upgrade them. Also, you will read about her Constellations that will help you make Amber even more powerful. After that, we have written Genshin Impact Amber Build where you’ll see weapon and artifact set. And at last, we have mentioned the best team comps for Amber as the Main DPS hero.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
The whole information is presented in tables. You can use the navigation bar above to move quickly to the information block that you are most interested in.
Talents
Constellations
Build
Team
Amber Build
Below you can see the best weapon option for playing Amber in Genshin Impact. Accompanied by the best Amber artifact set and its stat priorities.
Main DPS Build
If you play this champion as a Main DPS in your comp you should take the weapon and artifacts from the list below. They are believed to be the most effective ones in almost all situations.
Weapon
Amos’ Bow
Weapon Substitutes:
Skyward Harp
,
Prototype Crescent
,
Sharpshooter’s Oath
.
Artifact Set
Wanderer’s Troupe
(4-Piece)
Artifact Main Stats Priority:
ATK%
Pyro DMG Bonus
CRIT Rate / CRIT DMG
Sub Stats Priority: CRIT Rate > CRIT DMG > ATK% > Elemental Mastery
Talent Priority
Sharpshooter > Fiery Rain > Explosive Puppet
Best Team Compositions for Amber
When you play Genshin Impact everything depends not only on your main character but also on the composition. You should learn how elements complement each other and build the best team for your main. Below you can see the best team composition for Amber with two sub DPS and one Support. Also, we have included alternative characters for each role that go well with Amber too.
Thanks to her charged attacks Amber can easily create elemental combos. Rosaria has good Cryo application allowing Amber to trigger Melting. Mona’s Burst increasing damage done to enemies and with her skill she also be used to group up enemies and proc Vaporize. Bennett is one of the best healing supports for Amber and in this team he activates Pyro resonance that increases Amber’s damage.
Good characters for this comp:
Fischl, Beidou, Kaedehara Kazuha, Venti, Xinyan, Ganyu, Rosaria, Diona.
If you want to know more about every teammate for Amber you can click on the link below and find them in the list of all Genshin Impact characters that we have described.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
In case you are still not sure what champion you want to pick as main we have
Genshin Impact characters tier list
with explanations on how to build your best team.
Amber Talents
Below you can see the list of talents that Amber uses during the fight. Each of them we have described with the main characteristics.
Sharpshooter
Normal Attack
Normal Attack:
Perform up to 5 consecutive shots with a bow.
Charged Attack:
Perform a more precise Aimed Shot with increased DMG.
While aiming, flames will accumulate on the arrowhead. A fully charged flaming arrow will deal Pyro DMG.
Plunging Attack:
Fires off a shower of arrows in mid-air before falling and striking the ground, dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Explosive Puppet
Elemental Skill
The ever-reliable Baron Bunny takes the stage.
Baron Bunny:
Continuously taunts the enemy, drawing their fire.
Baron Bunny’s HP scales with Amber’s Max HP.
When destroyed or when its timer expires, Baron Bunny explodes, dealing AoE Pyro DMG.
Hold:
Adjusts the throwing direction of Baron Bunny. The longer the button is held, the further the throw.
Fiery Rain
Elemental Burst
Fires off a shower of arrows, dealing continuous AoE Pyro DMG.
Every Arrow Finds Its Target
1st Ascension Passive
Increases the CRIT Rate of Fiery Rain by 10% and widens its AoE by 30%.
Precise Shot
4th Ascension Passive
Aimed Shot hits on weak spots increase ATK by 15% for 10s.
Gliding Champion
Utility Passive
Decreases gliding Stamina consumption for your own party members by 20%.
Not stackable with Passive Talents that provide the exact same effects.
Every talent can be upgraded up to level 15. But to do so you will need to gather materials on particular days. The list of the needed materials for leveling Amber’s talents is mentioned in the next block.
Talent Leveling Materials
So here you can see all materials that you will need in order to level up Amber’s talents.
Talent Level-Up Materials
Freedom Books:
Teachings of Freedom
,
Guide to Freedom
,
Philosophies of Freedom
.
Common Ascension Materials
Firm Arrowhead
,
Sharp Arrowhead
,
Weathered Arrowhead
.
Weekly Boss Material
Dvalin’s Sigh
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
Some of them are required at the beginning for low levels and others are more advanced. We just wanted to focus your attention on material types in general.
Amber Constellations
In Genshin Impact characters have a specific upgrade system called constellation. You will need to get a specific item called Stella Fortuna to increase the level of constellation. Each character has their own version of Stella Fortuna, which you get by obtaining a duplicate of the character from Wishes.
Level 1
One Arrow to Rule Them All
Fires 2 arrows per Aimed Shot. The second arrow deals 20% of the first arrow’s DMG.
Level 2
Bunny Triggered
Baron Bunny, new and improved! Hitting Baron Bunny’s foot with a fully-charged Aimed Shot manually detonates it.
Explosion via manual detonation deals 200% additional DMG.
Level 3
It Burns!
Increases the Level of Fiery Rain by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4
It’s Not Just Any Doll…
Decreases Explosive Puppet’s CD by 20%. Adds 1 additional charge.
Level 5
It’s Baron Bunny!
Increases the Level of Explosive Puppet by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6
Wildfire
Fiery Rain increases all party members’ Movement SPD by 15% and ATK by 15% for 10s.
Every Genshin Impact character has its own set of constellations above you can see Amber constellations list with descriptions.
Ascension Materials
In addition, there are ascension phases that increase the level cap for your character. After Amber reaches the 20th level she can be ascended to the next ascension phase, up to phase 6, which allow getting 90th level.
Character Ascension Materials
Agnidus Agate:
Agnidus Agate Sliver
,
Agnidus Agate Fragment
,
Agnidus Agate Chunk
,
Agnidus Agate Gemstone
.
Everflame Seed
Common Ascension Materials
Firm Arrowhead
,
Sharp Arrowhead
,
Weathered Arrowhead
.
Local Specialty
Small Lamp Grass
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
In order to level up ascension phases, you’ll need materials. So the list of those required for Amber is listed above.
Artem R.
I have been an avid gamer since childhood. My favorite genres are RPGs, Action, and MMOs. Some of my all-time favorite games include the Diablo and Path of Exile ARPG series, the Dark Souls series, and JRPGs like Xenoblade, Atelier, and the Final Fantasy. I am also a big fan of the PSP and PS Vita, and I currently enjoy gaming on my Nintendo Switch.
Post Views:
6,535
Please share it with your friends
Tags:
Genshin Impact
Post navigation
Previous
The Lightbringer Demo is Live!
Next
Genshin Impact Kaedehara Kazuha Build and Best Team Comp