The Best Varesa Teams In Genshin Impact
By
Sanyam Jain
Published
Mar 26, 2025, 8:40 AM EDT
Sanyam Jain is a Staff Writer at TheGamer who has worked as a professional gaming journalist since 2022. A Journalism and Mass Communication graduate, he has been testing the limits of the games he plays for as long as he can remember.
An expert in RPG, Open-World, and Gacha games, Sanyam's articles are based on hours upon hours of testing with every new character, mechanic, or puzzle to ensure that you get every information you'll need about it.
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Main DPS Varesa Team
Overload Varesa Team
Aggravate Varesa Team
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Thread
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Taking part in
Genshin Impact's
gacha system and pulling your favorite character is only the first step as you have to take the time to build them afterward. Once you've built a character like Varesa, a five-star Electro Catalyst user, you'll also have to work on creating the best team for her.
Related
Genshin Impact: Best Weapons For Bennett
These swords are the very best Bennett can use in Genshin Impact.
Posts
By
Asad Kashif
Varesa is one of the characters that you can meet in the Natlan region, and she excels at dealing high Plunge Attack damage. This gives you some obvious choices while making a team for Varesa, and here are your best options.
Main DPS Varesa Team
Varesa
Main DPS
Xianyun
Support/Sustainer
Xilonen
Support/Sustainer
Iansan
Support
Varesa was first released during the Version 5.5 update, and Iansan was another character released in the same banner as her.
These two characters have perfect synergy together since Iansan can increase Varesa's ATK
constantly while also getting her own Nightsoul Points back as Varesa constantly moves around the battlefield.
As such, you'll see Iansan being an integral part of every Varesa team,
though you can also replace her with Bennett if you don't have her built
. Varesa is an on-field DPS character who can constantly deal multiple instances of Plunge Attack damage by using her
Charged Attack followed by the Plunge
.
You can activate a
quicker version of her Charged Attack after using her Skill,
which gets multiple replenishing charges.
Her Elemental Burst also has multiple instances, but the best one to use is right after your
Plunge Attack in the Fiery Passion state as it consumes less energy
to deal more damage. Since she deals most of her damage from the Plunge Attacks, Xianyun becomes her best team member as her entire kit is based around buffing Plunge DMG.
Every time you use Xianyun's Elemental Burst, you can
deal much higher Plunging Attack DMG for the first eight such attacks
. Finally, Xilonen is another massive part of this team as she can reduce the enemy's RES shred while increasing Varesa's overall damage.
With this team, you'll also have the buffs of
both Viridescent Venerer and the Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City
artifact sets.
One change you can make in this team is replacing Xilonen with Furina. You can use the Scroll set on Iansan to still get its buffs while
Furina deals a ton of off-field damage and increases Varesa's DMG
. However, you'll be losing a lot of important buffs, which will reduce Varesa's personal damage significantly.
If you're using the hypercarry team for Varesa, here's how your rotation should look like:
Start with Xilonen's Elemental Skill and Burst to
apply the eight stacks that increase Plunge Attack DMG
. This works best when you're fighting a horde of enemies since Xianyun's Skill can increase Varesa's Crit Rate by ten percent if she hits four enemies.
After that, you can use Iansan's Skill, basic attack, and then the Burst in quick succession before switching over to Xilonen. With her,
quickly use your Skill and perform two basic attacks
.
It's important to execute the entire second step as fast as possible since Iansan's buff can
run out quickly if you don't switch to Varesa and move around
. After all the buffs are on, you can switch to Varesa and execute her combination.
Varesa's main combination is
using her Skill - Charged Attack - Plunge Attack
, and then repeating this cycle, except use your Burst at the end of the second execution.
However, since you have Xianyun in this team, you can i
gnore the use of the charged attack and go straight from the Skill to Plunge
.
Overload Varesa Team
Varesa
Main Dps
Mavuika
Off-field DPS
Iansan
Support
Chevreuse
Reaction Enabler
Chevreuse has been one of the greatest additions
in Genshin Impact since she
not only revived the Overload reaction, but also brought it to the center
of the current meta. If you have this character on your account, you can use the team mentioned above to get about the same, if not more value from Varesa's hypercarry team.
While reading Varesa's kit, you'll notice a special passive that increases her ATK when your team members trigger Nightsoul Bursts, and this can stack up to two times. With three Natlan characters in this team,
you can stack this buff fully within nine seconds
.
Triggering Nightsoul Burst also activates the ATK bonus on Mavuika and
lets Iansan heal the active character
.
Pyro characters have been one of the strongest DPS units in the game, and this is no different for Mavuika. Chevreuse makes this
even better as she reduces both Electro and Pyro RES of the enemies by 40 percent
whenever an Overload reaction is triggered in this team.
Another great part about this team is that it'll only get better as your account gets older
since you'll get more constellations on both Chevreuse and Iansan
. The former's final constellation can provide an extra 20 percent DMG boost to Mavuika and Varesa while the latter's constellations are filled with special buffs for Varesa.
With just two constellations on Iansan, you can already make her
give an extra 30 percent ATK boost to Varesa
.
With this team, your rotation will be fairly simple:
Start with Mavuika's Skill and then switch over to Iansan to perform her Skill - Basic Attack - Burst combo. This will
also trigger the Overload reaction required for Chevreuse
.
Next, switch over to Chevreuse and quickly use her Skill and Burst before switching to Mavuika again. Here, you can
activate her Burst to start dealing high off-field damage
.
Finally, switch over to Varesa and start using the
same combination as the one in the hypercarry team
mentioned above.
For this team, it's important to use the Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City set on Iansan to get the 40 percent extra Elemental DMG bonus while
Mavuika uses Obsidian Codex and Chevreuse uses Tenacity or Noblesse Oblige
. For the F2P version of this team, you can also replace Mavuika with Xiangling, which also serves as the best F2P team for Varesa.
Aggravate Varesa Team
Varesa
Main DPS
Nahida
Aggravate Trigger
Iansan
Support
Xilonen
Support/Sustainer
Electro has been quite a non-meta element for a good part of Genshin Impact. The first time it entered the meta was during Sumeru's release as
that brought reactions like Quicken and Aggravate to the game
. Any Electro character getting released to the game now has a specific team around this reaction.
However, for Varesa, the value you get from the Aggravate team is less than the Overload and Hypercarry teams mentioned above. Though it's
still enough to beat any endgame content you can think of
. Nahida is an integral part of this team as her off-field Dendro applications drive the reaction.
While there isn't a good F2P-friendly option to replace Nahida in this team,
you can also try using Collie, Kirara, or Emilie
.
The role of both Xilonen and Iansan stays the same, and you can
always replace the former with Bennett or Kaedehara Kazuha
. Here's what your rotation should look like in this team:
Start by using Nahida's Elemental Skill and Burst as this
lasts for the longest time out of every other ability
in this team.
After that, quickly use Iansan's combination and then
switch over to Xilonen to use hers
. It's important to trigger Crystallize reaction with Xilonen if you're using the Scroll set on her, but you can also use it on Iansan to avoid this.
Finally, switch over to Varesa and use her normal combination while trying to time her big Burst damage with
Nahida's Dendro application to trigger Aggravate
.
Not only is this team difficult since it's nearly impossible to always time the Aggravate trigger with the Burst, but it also focuses on dealing one big damage while
Varesa's kit relies on dealing high damage constantly
.
Next
Genshin Impact: Pro Tips For Playing As Chevreuse
Deal explosive damage with the help of these Chevreuse tips in Genshin Impact!
Posts
By
Raddie Perez
Live-Service Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
26.4%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
19.8%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.0%
007 First Light
007 First Light
9.2%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.5%
Other
Other
21.1%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
The Last Of Us Games Exist In The Boys
Vampire Crawlers Is Excellent, But It's A Tough Year To Be A Deckbuilder
You Can Now Vote To Turn Hollow Knight: Silksong's Pharloom Into An Official Lego Set