Ayaka Build Guide For Genshin Impact. Is Ayaka Worth It? Update 04/2026
Updated at: 14-06-2022
-
By:
Leo Hall
All of Ayaka’s Normal and Charged Attacks are converted from Physical DMG to Cryo DMG using a Cryo Elemental Infusion.
Có thể bạn quan tâm
Overwatch Guide for Beginners: Tips and Tricks Update 04/2026
What Are NVIDIA CUDA Cores? How Many CUDA Cores Do You Need? Update 04/2026
Are Sound Cards Worth It? Comprehensive Guide Update 04/2026
Phasmophobia Equipment Guide. Everything You Need To Know Update 04/2026
Animal Crossing: New Horizons Guide – Special Tips and Tricks Update 04/2026
Because her damage isn’t split between Cryo and Physical, as is the case with most other Cryo characters, Ayaka has the potential to be one of the strongest damage dealers in the entire game.
Bạn đang xem:
Ayaka Build Guide For Genshin Impact. Is Ayaka Worth It? Update 04/2026
While most Cryo characters’ damage is split between Cryo and Physical, Ayaka’s has the potential to be one of the most devastating damage providers in the game.
Contents
Overview
Skills
Talent Priority
Passive Talents
Constellations
Best Weapon
Ayaka Ascension materials
Best Artifacts – 4-Piece Blizzard Strayer
Elemental Synergies
Best Team Composition
Free-to-Play
For Whales
Is Ayaka Worth It?
Party Setup
FAQS:
Is Ayaka good Genshin Impact?
What is the best build for Ayaka?
Is Ayaka better than ganyu?
Overview
Ayaka is a 5-Star, Cryo Element, Sword user with strong attack potential. High attack and potent Cryo damage, make Ayaka an excellent main DPS character for your party.
Ayaka is a 5-star, Cryo Element, Sword user with a powerful attack potential.. Ayaka’s high attack and potent Cryo damage make her an ideal DPS character for your party.
Skills
Ayaka is a 5-star, Cryo Element, Swordsman with a powerful attack potential.. Ayaka’s high attack and intense Cryo damage make her an excellent main DPS member for your party.
Ayaka has also an alternate sprint, Kamisato Art: Senho, that allows her to cloak herself in a frozen fog that moves with her. When exiting the fog, Ayaka deals Cryo Damage to nearby enemies but also infuses her Sword’s Attacks with Cryo!
Talent Priority
While running at full speed, Ayaka can also cocoon herself in frozen fog, Kamisato Art: Senho. Upon emerging from the fog, Ayaka deals Cryo Damage to all opponents in her path while also enhancing the Cryo power of her Sword’s attacks!
Perform a maximum of five fast strikes at a time.
It’s time to charge up!
Consumes a certain amount of Stamina to unleash a flurry of sword ki.
When used, the sword ki can be unleashed with a burst of stamina.
Consumes Stamina in order to unleash an impressive burst of sword ki energy.
In the broad scheme of things, you don’t get a lot of DMG.
In the Land of the Frostflake
Cryo DMG is dealt to enemies that are caught in a whirlwind of freezing winds.
The cost of Ayaka’s Elemental Burst is 80 Energy, although it scales quite well. DPS Ayakas that use their weapons constantly will find that a significant portion of their DMG comes from burst.
Ayaka’s Burst Support is a top priority if you’re using it. If you don’t want to do that, then level it up with her Normal Attack ability.
Sprint in the Other Direction (Kamisato Art: Senho)
An icy fog cloaks Ayaka and follows her everywhere she goes. She can move quickly on water in her Senho form.
These things happen when she reappears:
In order to use Cryo, Ayaka unleashes a burst of cold energy.
Infusing her assaults with Cryo, Ayaka’s blade condenses with icy coldness.
It is only Ayaka’s Alternate Sprint mechanic that has ever been implemented. Mona’s Alternate Sprint has shown to be excellent for exploration but clumsy for battle, so this is likely the one thing that can deter players from Ayaka. The Cryo infusion will only be available if you employ it in fight.
Passive Talents
Evaluating the Description of the Talent
Shinsa’s fruit
When Ayaka makes Weapon Ascension Materials, she has a 10% chance of getting twice as much.
Here’s some unrestricted Resin for your perusal. With free resin, you can’t go wrong!
Sanctification of Amatsumi Kunitsumi
Ayaka’s Normal and Charged Attacks deal 30 percent more damage for 6 seconds after utilizing Kamisato Art: Hyouka than they would have otherwise.
This is a huge boost to DMG. Using Hyouka as soon as you exit Alternate Sprint will extend the DMG buff’s duration by around the same amount.
Blessings of Kanten Senmyou from Kanten
When Kamisato Ayaka’s Cryo application from Kamisato Art: Senho hits an opponent, the following effects are applied to her:
• 10 Stamina is restored.
Ayaka is the best DPS in the game thanks to her ascension talents focused solely on DMG. Even while Ganyu still has an advantage with the Amos’ Bow, Ayaka has a much greater arsenal of weaponry at her disposal.
Constellations
Evaluation of the Constellation Name and Description
Sakura in the snow
The CD of Kamisato Art: Hyouka is reduced by 0.3s when Kamisato Ayaka’s Normal or Charged Attacks deal Cryo DMG to opponents. Once every 0.1s, this effect will appear.
C1 enables Ayaka to produce more particles for her own use by increasing the frequency with which she uses her Elemental Skill.
It’s convenient if you don’t want to use a Cryo battery, but keep in mind that the Cryo Resonance in your battery also offers you CRIT Rate.
the ice blades of Blizzard
To unleash 2 tiny Frostflake Seki no To, each dealing 20% of the storm’s DMG, cast Kamisato Art: Soumet.
Because of C2’s tremendous DMG, Ayaka’s Burst is even easier to hit. You still want to make sure your main Seki no To hits the appropriate target, however.
Just like Venti C1, this one has a slightly gimmick-y effect, but it isn’t nearly as useless as Venti’s C1.
Frostbloom Kamifubuki raises Kamisato Art: Soumetsu’s level by three notches when used.
The maximum level of upgrade is 15.
When it comes to DMG potential, Ayaka relies heavily on her Elemental Burst rather than her Elemental Skill.
Ebbs and flows of Kamisato’s opponents Frostflake by Soumetsu as art For 6s, Seki no To’s DEF will be reduced by 30%.
Because they are so uncommon, DEF debuffs in this game are extremely useful. No matter how much money you’ve got, you don’t need to take Ayaka past c4 because this is her final excellent constellation.
With Blossom Cloud Irutsuki, Kamisato Art: Hyouka gains three levels.
Her DMG increases as a result of each of Ayaka’s celestial bodies. Ayaka, on the other hand, is no slouch when it comes to doing harm. Don’t be seduced by her constellations unless you’re a whale with no regard for money.
Inazuma has numerous new 5* characters, and each of them offers more value at C0 than any constellation on any character can equal.
Best Weapon
Explanation of the rarity of weapons
The Reforged Mistsplitter
When it comes to dealing Elemental DMG, 5* Ayaka is unbeatable, and Mistsplitter Reforged is the only sword that comes close. This is her primary weapon.
Razor’s Edge
The majority of the community considers the 5* Skyward Blade a joke weapon, but Ayaka makes superb use of its equipment set to her advantage. As a primary damage dealer, she may make excellent use of the passive’s large quantity of Energy Recharge.
Cutter of Jade
There’s nothing particularly special about the 5* Jade Cutter. All players desire a high CRIT Rate, and all can benefit from additional ATK based on Max HP. Jade Cutter is always a safe bet.
Sword of the Black Sword
CRIT Rate and a DMG boost to Normal and Charged Attacks are what Ayaka is looking for in a 4* Black Sword. However, if your CRIT Rate is too high, this weapon’s worth will be greatly diminished.
The Amenoma Kageuchi
4* Ayaka was the sole recipient of the new Inazuma craftable sword. S-Tier substat scaling of ATK percent makes up for its low base ATK. When she uses her 80 Energy Burst, she can take advantage of the passive ability to replenish some of her energy. While it’s not very impressive at r1, you’ll find it to be a viable BiS 4* alternative if you have the billets to do so.
Longswords of Blackcliff
Ayaka Ascension materials
Character
For Cryo characters, Ayaka needs Shivade Jades from Regisvine and Hypostases, much like other characters. Aside from the new Perpetual Mechanical Array boss, she needs Perpetual Hearts. There are two other planet materials that you’ll require in addition to this:
The Sakura Flowering Season
Handguards from the Past
There are both of these materials available in Inazuma. Sakura Blooms can be found all throughout Narukami Island, but they are especially abundant around the shrine, as can be seen in this map of Sakura Bloom sites. Inazuma’s swordsmen adversaries drop old and updated handguards, as well as a variety of other weapons.
Talent
In this section, you will find Ayaka’s training materials:
The Art of Elegance’s Teachings
Handguards from the Past
Branches of Bloodjade
Insight’s Golden Crown
The Violet Court drops items from the Teachings of Elegance series on Tuesdays, Fridays, and Sundays, while the Nobushi, as previously stated, scatter Old Handguards across Inazuma.
Xem thêm :
When Is The Best Time To Buy Computer Parts? Comprehensive Guide Update 04/2026
With the Bloodjade Branch, you’ll battle Azhdaha, a level 70+ monster, in the trounce domain to get it. Crown of Insight is also awarded during seasonal events or for upgrading the Sacred Sakura of Inazuma or the Frostbearing Tree of Dragonspine.
Best Artifacts – 4-Piece Blizzard Strayer
It’s recommended that you give Ayaka a high percentage of ATK on the Sands, high Cryo DMG and high CRIT DMG/CRIT Rate on the Logos while using her as a primary DPS.
Substats to look for include CRIT DMG, CRIT Rate, ATK Percent, and Energy Recharge.
Ayaka’s 4-Piece Blizzard Strayer set bonus is her crowning achievement when it comes to set bonuses. This will provide her additional Cryo DMG as well as a huge increase in her CRIT Rate. As long as the Cryo Resonance is activated and Ayaka is facing frozen foes, Ayaka will have a 60% CRIT Rate regardless of her weapon and artifacts’ CRIT Rates!
A combination of 2-Piece Blizzard Strayer and 2-Piece Gladiator’s Finale/Reminiscence Shimenawa’s is a viable alternative if you can’t offer her the 4-Piece Blizzard Strayer. Against foes that cannot be afflicted by Cryo, this set combination will produce greater DMG.
Elemental Synergies
When it comes to elemental synergy, Ayaka imposes some limitations. Freeze is her most effective Elemental Reaction. With these two factors, you should support her around Freezing foes.
Having a Hydro support allows Ayaka to keep an opponent frozen indefinitely with her Normal Attacks, all of which should be infused with Cryo.
Wet and Cryo status effects can be spread more widely using Anemo, making it possible to freeze a larger number of foes at once.
Normally, teams that can reliably freeze their opponents prefer to include Pyro characters because of the large Melt DMG they provide. This isn’t necessarily a bad notion, but it doesn’t work well with Ayaka.
Pyro: Because no support can use Pyro quickly enough to keep up with her attacks, she doesn’t desire Pyro support. To maximize Pyro->Cryo Melt, you must use Melt on every strike with your Cryo sword. However, if you’re simply using Ayaka to set up Melt, Pyro can be a godsend. In the section on Team Compositions, you will learn how to achieve this.
Due to her inability to employ Superconduct, she has no need for Electro’s assistance.
Because Crystallization can easily prevent you from freezing adversaries if you apply the elements in the wrong order, Freeze teams tend to avoid Geo. Keep Zhongli’s pillar out of harm’s way, but Albedo’s shield is still excellent.
Best Team Composition
Free-to-Play
Ayaka
Xingqiu
Kaeya
Xiangling
Every player has Kaeya and Xiangling, and if you haven’t purchased Xingqiu from the Starglitter Exchange, that’s your fault. Despite his 4* rating, he is one of the game’s best characters.
Enemies can be frozen with Xingqiu and kept frozen for a long period of time.
To activate the Cryo Resonance and funnel Elemental Particles into Ayaka, Kayea serves as a Cryo battery. Even if you don’t have Kayea, you can use Rosaria instead because her Burst will help Ayaka’s CRIT Rate even more.
Only with an Ayaka as the primary DPS will Xiangling’s Pyro abilities be utilized to their full potential in Melting. Gouba and Pyronado deal massive heat damage, while Ayaka freezes or applies Cryo on her foes. Xiangling may even outperform Ayaka in terms of DMG done, despite remaining off-the-field, depending on her build.
For Whales
Ayaka
Ganyu
Mona
Venti
With Ayaka, Ganyu/Venti/Mona is one of the strongest teams in play, and she can fit right in. As a Burst support, Ganyu can keep Ayaka on the field longer. Ayaka is the sole non-essential member of this line-up, which is a minor drawback. No matter what, if you’re wanting to maximize your Ayaka experience, this is it.
Mona uses Hydro to inflict more damage on her foes.
With her Burst, Ganyu freezes her adversaries.
Venti’s Burst keeps the bad guys in place so that Ayaka’s Burst can do its job to full effect.
Is Ayaka Worth It?
Ayaka’s damage-dealing prowess makes her worth the price of admission. She’s a DPS of the S-Tier caliber. You may find out all you need to know about obtaining here.
A character’s ability to Alternate Sprint, on the other hand, can make or destroy them. Even though it isn’t necessarily a bad thing, some players will choose to sit her because of it.
As a result, we strongly advise you to give her a shot first. For as long as Ayaka’s banner is active, you can use her test run feature. If you want to know how you feel about the Alternate Sprint for dodging, try it as much as possible instead of just doing DMG.
Ayaka will be a joy to use if you find this mechanic works for you. If not, don’t worry; this game has a plethora of 5* characters to choose from. In this article, we’ll let you know which characters are coming in future releases.
Party Setup
The Superconduct Elemental Reaction can be triggered by pairing Ayaka with an electro-based character like Fischl. Characters like Hu Tao, who use pyrotechnics, are able to activate Melt. Her Cryo damage may be increased even higher by teaming her up with Shenhe.
Other Hydro-based heroes, such as Barbara the healer, Mona the support, and others, can speed up the freezing of foes. Finally, Zhongli, Bennett, and Sucrose all have the potential to help out in this situation.
FAQS:
Is Ayaka good Genshin Impact?
At the Sub-DPS, Ayaka is a great asset to the team. Her Elemental Burst does a lot of damage in a short amount of time. When it comes to her Elemental Skill, it gives her squad a lot of energy while doing only fair damage to the enemy. As a Sub-DPS, Ayaka gets along with a wide variety of characters.
What is the best build for Ayaka?
As far as DPS goes, the greatest Ayaka build is:
Weapon: Mistsplitter Reforged.
Blizzard Strayer’s artifacts (four-set)
Is Ayaka better than ganyu?
Surprisingly, Ayaka easily outdoes Ganyu in terms of damage. Ganyu, on the other hand, is a very adaptable character and possibly the only one who can play both roles to their fullest potential. As a result, she may be a tremendous asset in both the Spiral Abyss and the open world.
Nguồn:
https://gemaga.com
Danh mục:
Guide
More From
Guide
Overwatch Lucio Guide Update 04/2026
Bennett Build Guide Genshin Impact Update 04/2026
Gta Online Guide Update 04/2026
Genshin Impact F2p Primogems Guide Update 04/2026
Pubg Reshade Guide Settings Update 04/2026
Overwatch Mercy Guide Update 04/2026
Phasmophobia Ghost Types And Evidence Explained. Comprehensive Guide Update 04/2026
Grounded How To Get Started Update 04/2026
Ninja Fortnite Settings And Gear Update 04/2026
How To Use A Ps4 Controller On Pc Mac Update 04/2026
More from
Guide
Overwatch Lucio Guide Update 04/2026
Bennett Build Guide Genshin Impact Update 04/2026
Gta Online Guide Update 04/2026
Genshin Impact F2p Primogems Guide Update 04/2026
Pubg Reshade Guide Settings Update 04/2026
Overwatch Mercy Guide Update 04/2026
Phasmophobia Ghost Types And Evidence Explained. Comprehensive Guide Update 04/2026
Grounded How To Get Started Update 04/2026
Ninja Fortnite Settings And Gear Update 04/2026