Kamisato Ayaka is a 5-star Cryo character in Genshin Impact that was released in July 2021. She is also referred to as the Daughter of the Yashiro Commission’s Kamisato Clan. The name of the banner associated with Ayaka’s release is The Heron’s Court. This is an event banner and thus Ayaka can be obtained only when this banner is active. In this post, you will learn how to build the Genshin Impact Kamisato Ayaka team from the characters that you own. In addition, you will see the most popular builds for Ayaka.
Before we start note that this post is not a build guide for Ayaka and doesn’t contain all information about her. You can expect only Ayaka team comps focus. That will help you understand how to make a good team for Genshin Impact Ayaka even with the characters that you have. Of course, we include Genshin free-to-play comps for Ayaka as well. If you need more information you can read the guide by the link below.
Genshin Impact Ayaka Build and Best Team Comp
Also, we have other useful guides about all Genshin Impact characters that you might find interesting and useful. You can see the link below.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
Genshin Impact Characters Tier List
Ayaka Talents
What is the most important when you make a team comp in Genshin Impact is to remember that your characters must work together. Their talents need to assist each other and only via reactions. Some characters have talents that will change the whole impression about them when you see their talents.
Like any other character, Ayaka has two types of talents – active and passive. The whole description of Ayaka skills (talents)
you can read via the link
. In this post, we focus on the basic strategies and will explain what Ayaka talents are worth paying attention to. Let’s start with talent priority for Ayaka.
Talent Priority for Ayaka
Kamisato Art: Soumetsu >
Kamisato Art: Kabuki >
Kamisato Art: Hyouka
Kamisato Art: Soumetsu
is Ayaka’s Elemental Burst
. It deals
AoE Cryo DMG
. The ability also applies a field that applies Cryo element on enemies.
Kamisato Art: Kabuki is Ayaka’s Normal Attack
. Ayaka has good potential with her AoE normal attack that you can use in the gaps between recharges. She is fighting with a short sword.
Kamisato Art: Hyouka is Ayaka’s Elemental Skill
. Summons blooming ice to launch nearby opponents, dealing
AoE Cryo DMG
. It can be used to freeze enemies, but no need to focus on it.
Ayaka Ascension Passives
The other important thing is to know how exactly character ascension enhances them and what advantages you can get out of it for your team-building strategy. We what to attract your attention to the following Ayaka Ascension Passives.
Amatsumi Kunitsumi Sanctification
1st Ascension Passive
After using Kamisato Art: Hyouka, Kamisato Ayaka’s Normal and Charged attacks deal 30% increased DMG for 6s.
That is why you need to focus on Ayaka’s Elemental Burst and Normal attack.
Kanten Senmyou Blessing
4th Ascension Passive
When the Cryo application at the end of Kamisato Art: Senho hits an opponent, Kamisato Ayaka gains the following effects:
Restores 10 Stamina
Gains 18% Cryo DMG Bonus for 10s.
Another good boost for Ayaka from her Elemental Burst.
Depending on what we have written above we will continue with character combinations that will suit Genshin Impact Ayaka team the most.
As for the constellations
. Nothing special, generally simple improvements. But if at C4 Ayaka will become very useful due to DEF reduction from Elemental Burst hits. But of course, as with any character, C6 will unlock all potential and Ayaka will deal some solid damage.
Genshin Impact Ayaka Team Comp Options
There are several roles that all characters obtain in Genshin Impact. Your perfect team would consist of the Main DPS, 2 SUB-DPS characters and one Support. Main DPS is occupied by a character that can deal a decent amount of damage from all sources, auto attacks, elemental reactions and elemental bursts. Sub DPSs are needed to activate reactions that boost the main DPS’ damage or deal some extra damage while the main DPS is sticking their elemental burst. Support can vary typically it is a healer/shielder, but in some cases, it can be a battery (the character that stacks elemental burst for the team) or a spreader (the character that can spread reactions activated by all the characters).
Ayaka normally is the main DPS but she can also be useful as a sub DPS character. Below you can see some options for different Genshin Impact Ayaka team comps that we find decent. But let’s start from the Genshin Impact free to play Ayaka team comp.
Genshin Impact FREE TO PLAY Ayaka team
This team is not the best for dealing damage or farming Spyral Abyss. But it is great for newbies who got Kamisato Ayaka just now when started playing Genshin Impact. In this comp Ayaka will be the main DPS, so you need a Sub-DPS team for reactions. Xiangling is a strong help herself, but also she activates Melt reaction. Lisa does a double job. Together with Xiangling, they trigger an Overloaded reaction. With Ayaka’s Cryo Lisa’s Electro will activate Superconduct that decreases physical defence and can help Ayaka deal more damage from a normal attack. Barbara is a great healer and a source of Hydro for freeze and other reactions that can be triggered with Xianlgling and Lisa.
If you prefer ranged characters you can change Xiangling for Amber.
The BEST Ayaka team
Kamisato Ayaka is a powerful Cryo character that can deal a lot of damage and act as the main DPS. Due to her Cryo element, she works well with comps that implement Freeze are reaction oriented. So Xingqiu will help much with his abilities in providing background for Kamisato Ayaka to freeze enemies. Kazuha will give additional opportunities with applying Cryo Buff to the team while dealing more DMG with his skill. As for the support, it is better to choose from Cryo characters to get Elemental Resonance, Diona in addition to that also heals the team and provided its members with shields.
Premium Genshin Impact Ayaka team
Here you will see Ayaka as main DPS dealing increased Cryo damage boosted by Shenhe. Also, Ayaka will have increased Physical damage which is important for all melee characters. Kazuha can assist the team by grouping enemies together, applying crowd control, spread elemental attachment, provide DMG buff to teammates. Kokomi is a healer that also provides Hydro for freeze reaction.
In the Premium team for Ayaka you can also change Shenhe for any of the characters from below:
Eula will be the main DPS with physical damage. Or you can play with Yoimiya to activate the melt reaction. In case you don’t have Kazuha but obtain Venti, you can take him as well.
Other notable Ayaka team
Here you focus on Ayaka’s damage from burst increased by Mona’s and Venti’s bursts. Also, Venti will provide crowd control. Diona will shield, heal and activate Cryo resonance.
Extra characters that will work well with Ayaka: (NOT A TEAM)
You can also find some ideas
Top Genshin Impact Characters to play with Ayaka
post.
How to make a personal Genshin Impact Ayaka team?
If none of the listed above you don’t like or you don’t have some characters mentioned in Ayaka teams you can really on the following tips.
Make the maximum advantage over Ayaka’s Cryo damage via reactions.
Take characters, who can activate freeze, better passively like Xingqiu.
Try to take characters that can either increase Ayaka’s Cryo damage or reduce enemies’ defence like Shenhe or Venti.
Ayaka needs a sub-DPS who can deal damage while her elemental burst is charging.
Keeping these tips in mind you will definitely find your way to play Ayaka. And don’t forget to share it with us!
Mariia R.
Since early childhood, I was fond of gaming. I played Doom 2, Red Alert 2 and, of course, The Sims. I grew up but my passion didn’t go away. So now I am writing about the stuff I love the most: video games!
Follow my
YouTube
and
Twitch
of course
Post Views:
8,594
Please share it with your friends
Tags:
Genshin Impact
Post navigation
Previous
Top Genshin Impact Characters to Play with Kamisato Ayato
Next
Top Genshin Impact Characters to Play with Kamisato Ayaka