Top 5 Best Support For Ayaka To Make Your Genshin Impact Team Viable
Harsha
-
Mar 27, 2022
|
Mobile Games
Ayaka never disappoints with her DPS prowess, but who is the best support to make her team undefeatable?
Genshin Impact Ayato Complete Guide: Details, Gameplay And Materials
Genshin Impact Venti Or Ayaka: Which Worth Your Primogems?
Genshin Impact Kamisato Ayaka Best Build & Reasons To Pull For Her
Kamisato Ayaka is going to come back in Genshin Impact update 2.6 along with the release of her brother Ayato. Officially, she will make a return in the second half banner.
Ayaka is mostly known as a DPS thanks to her insane multiplying elemental bursts and skills. Apart from being the team’s main damage dealer, she is not too flexible with other roles. In order to maximize her potential and survivability on the battlefield, you need to know who is the
best support for Ayaka
.
To help you set up Ayaka best team comp, take a look at the top 5 best Ayaka supports below.
While Ayaka plays the DPS role, who should be her support?
Table of Contents
5. Diona
4. Shenhe
3. Mona
2. Kazuha
1. Kokomi
5. Diona
One of the best supports for Ayaka is the little and witty Mondstadt bartender, Diona. She can be a viable healer who can offer the teammates an extremely strong shield, especially when you equip her with Sacrificial Bow.
It is also not hard to build Diona as her healing and shield damage absorption both scale off her HP.
Diona has many underrated potentials that make her the best support for Ayaka.
In fact, players may also build her for damage in a mono Cryo team with Shenhe and Ayaka. As Diona has a great blend with all of these units, she can totally contribute to boosting the whole team Cryo damage buff with Shenhe’s Quills.
Players can focus on ATK%/Cryo DMG Bonus/Crit main stats on the artifact sets in Genshin Impact for a damage build in a mono Cryo team.
4. Shenhe
For those who wonder “Are Ayaka and Shenhe good together?”, Shenhe started being called the best support for Ayaka right after her introduction into Genshin Impact.
While other characters are usually paired with Ayaka for better battery, Shenhe can offer buffs to Ayaka while also contributing a decent energy amount.
Ayaka Shenhe team comp will make all enemies shiver.
For the unknown, Kamisato Ayaka can trigger Shenhe’s Icy Quills which nicely scale with Ayaka on the field. Moreover, Shenhe’s elemental burst can decrease the enemies’ resistance to Physical and Cryo attacks.
Notably, one of Shenhe’s passive talents can provide a 15% Cryo damage buff to characters who are inside the zone of her elemental burst. This may secure Shenhe’s rank in the list of best passive talents in Genshin Impact as well as the best pick for
Ayaka freeze team
.
3. Mona
The next best support for Ayaka is Mona. She is also an ideal character in freeze teams that consist of Ayaka. You can use this sorceress as a buffer for the Kamisato princess’s burst DMG. Mona may also utilize her omen debuff generating from her burst to get this.
You can't exclude Mona from Ayaka freeze team.
As you will need her bursts for every rotation, Mona’s build, including weapon and artifact set choices, should focus on energy recharge stats.
This character can also fulfill the Hydro applicator role with her elemental skills. This move can be deemed as blunt attacks and it does not free frozen opponents, either.
2. Kazuha
Kazuha is absolutely the top option to pair with Ayaka thanks to his outstanding skills. He and Venti are both Anemo killers and are usually compared regarding their skills. In fact, they are both good to use in Ayaka best team comp.
However, Kaedehara Kazuha is better at grouping thanks to his elemental skill. Venti is actually a bit more reliant on grouping.
Kazuha for sure is a 10 for your Ayaka best team comp.
What does this mean? It’s that when faced against single targets and ungroupable opponents, Venti can lose some of his utility. Kazuha, on another hand, can contribute more to the team’s DPS on the whole with his debuffs, buffs, and unswerving damage from his elemental burst.
Moreover, Kazuha is combined harmoniously with characters that are usually paired with Ayaka like Diona, Shenhe.You can easily
get 9 stars in Spiral Abyss Floor 12
with this team composition.
His passive talent lets Kazuha offer his team an Elemental DMG bonus once he generates Swirl reactions.
1. Kokomi
Kokomi is a
premium support character
that works extremely well with Ayaka. Her hydro application can be considered better than both Xingqiu and Mona when paired with Ayaka.
The best support for Ayaka is considered to be Kokomi. She is also the premium support character who is involved in the grandest battles.
In detail, Kokomi’s skill duration can complement the rotations of Ayaka. Also, it has a great radius that matches Ayaka’s Cryo attacks, creating a powerful blend.
It is ideal to entirely build Sangonomiya Kokomi for support. You can use her with a 4-piece Tenacity of Milelith and Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers. Both of these items are accessible which means it’s easy for you to build the Kokomi with not too expensive investment.
[Genshin Impact] Spiral Abyss 2.1 Floor 12 Full Run - 9 Star Ayaka Mona Kazuha Diona Team
>>> Related post:
Genshin Impact Nobushi Locations: Where To Farm Handguards For Ayato Ascension
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
#Genshin Impact Guide
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025