Genshin Impact: Layla Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
By
Christina Roffe
Published
Nov 25, 2022, 2:30 AM EST
Christina Roffe is a Guides Specialist from the United States. She has experience writing on games ranging from Nintendo titles to PlayStation titles. She is especially knowledgeable in anything Nintendo and Genshin Impact. Building new characters in Genshin Impact is one of her favorite things to do.
Sign in to your
DualShockers
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Layla Best Builds & Artifact Sets
Layla's Best 5-Star, 4-Star, & 3-Star Weapons
Layla's Best Team Compositions
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Layla is a character first introduced in the
Fabulous Fungus Frenzy event
in
Genshin Impact
. She is a quiet student who studies Astrology and always seems to be sleep-deprived from her school work.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Yun Jin Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Layla is a 4-Star Cryo character that can be a solid addition to your team to
provide Cryo support and defense.
In order to properly build her to meet her highest potential, keep reading to find out her best builds.
Layla Best Builds & Artifact Sets
When building Layla, it is best to consider her as a Support character due to the
shield she forms with her Elemental Skill.
She can be a great defensive alternative to the
5-Star character Zhongli
, who also uses a shield. Here is the best artifact set that you can use on Layla to enhance her Support abilities.
4-Set of Tenacity Of Millelith
A 2-Set of Tenacity of Millelith will give Layla a base boost of 20 percent to her HP. Also, when her Elemental Skill hits an enemy, the ATK of all nearby team members will increase by 20 percent, and their shield strength will increase by 30 percent for 2 seconds. This can be triggered once every 0.5 seconds and can be triggered even when Layla is not on the field.
This set is ideal for improving Layla's shields from her Elemental Skill, which builds on her Max HP.
To enhance this set, we have listed below the best stats and substats to use for each piece.
Type of Artifact
Main Stat
Substats
Sands of Eon
HP%
HP%, Energy Recharge, CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG
Goblet of Eonothem
HP% or Cryo DMG Bonus
HP%, Energy Recharge, CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG
Circlet of Logos
CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, or HP%
HP%, Energy Recharge, CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG
Building on HP is crucial for keeping Layla's shields as strong as possible. Energy Recharge will allow for her shields to always be available, even when she is off-field for long periods of time.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Raiden Shogun Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Layla's Best 5-Star, 4-Star, & 3-Star Weapons
Choosing the right weapon for Layla can be a simple task as a Support character. Focusing on
building up her HP and Energy Recharge
should be a priority for the weapon you choose for her. We have listed the best 5-Star and 4-Star options available that will keep Layla's shield the main focus.
5-Star Weapons: Key Of Khaj-Nisut And Freedom Sworn
The Key of Khaj-Nisut will give Layla a
base increase of 14.4 percent to her HP
. Its Bonus Skill will increase HP even further by 20 percent. Also, when her Elemental Skill hits an enemy, you will get the
Grand Hymn Effect
for 20 seconds. The Grand Hymn Effect will increase Layla's Elemental Mastery by 0.12 percent of her Max HP. This can only be triggered once every 0.3 seconds with a maximum of 3 stacks. When it gains 3 stacks, the Elemental Mastery of all nearby team members will increase by 0.2 percent of Layla's Max HP for 20 seconds.
This weapon will significantly boost Layla's Elemental Skill and increase her shield strength.
Freedom-Sworn will give Layla a base increase to her Elemental Mastery of 43. Its Bonus Skill will increase Layla's DMG by 10 percent. Also, when Layla triggers an Elemental Reaction, she will gain a Sigil of Rebellion once every 0.5 seconds. This can be triggered even when Layla is off-field. Once she reaches 2 sigils, they will be consumed, and all nearby team members will receive 20 percent ATK and 16 percent Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attack DMG for 12 seconds.
This weapon is great for increasing Layla's support abilities, as it will allow her to give her team an ATK boost.
4-Star & 3-Star Weapons: Favonious Sword And Skyrider Sword
With the Favonious Sword, Layla will receive a base increase of 13.3 percent to Energy Recharge. Its Bonus Skill will give CRIT Hits a 60 percent chance to generate a small number of Elemental Particles, which can regenerate 6 Energy for Layla. This can occur once every 12 seconds.
The Favonious Sword is ideal for keeping up Layla's Energy, so she can use her Elemental Skill and Burst as frequently as possible.
The Skyrider Sword is the best Free-To-Play option
for a Support build for Layla and will be easy to enhance and refine due to its 3-Star weapon status. It will give Layla a base increase of 11.3 percent to Energy Recharge. Its Bonus Skill will give a 12 percent increase to ATK and Movement SPD for 15 seconds when using an Elemental Burst.
This weapon increases Layla's Energy Recharge like most of the other weapons but also includes a decent boost to her ATK to increase her damage.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Ayato Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Layla's Best Team Compositions
As a Support character, Layla is best suited to teams who can benefit from a strong shield and an ATK buff. Layla can also easily
create Elemental Reactions with her consistent Cryo application.
With this taken into consideration, we have pulled together the best 5-Star and 4-Star teams for Layla.
5-Star Team
In this team, Layla will be used as a
Shield Support and can create
Cryo Resonance with Ayaka
. With Kokomi on the team, the
Freeze Elemental Reaction
can also be easily created.
Character
Character Type and Benefits
Kokomi
Support, Can provide consistent healing and Hydro Application to create Freeze Reaction
Ayaka
Main DPS, Can provide strong Cryo DMG and Cryo Application with Elemental Skill and Burst
Kazuha
Sub-DPS, Can provide Crowd Control and create Swirl Reaction to buff Elemental DMG
4-Star Team
This team can create the
Melt Elemental Reaction with Layla's Cryo Application
on enemies and the
Freeze Reaction with Xingqiu's consistent Hydro DMG.
Character
Character Type and Benefits
Yanfei
Main DPS, Can provide a consistent Area of Effect Pyro DMG to create Melt Reaction
Bennett
Healer and Support, Can provide healing and give the team an ATK buff
Xingqiu
Sub-DPS, Can provide strong off-field Hydro DMG and Application for Freeze Reaction
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: Venti Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Video Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Whose Section Did You Enjoy Playing The Most In Resident Evil Requiem?
Grace
Grace
54.5%
Leon
Leon
45.5%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Ex-Sony Boss Yoshida Explains Why Trends Are Indie Dev Killers
The Division Originally Looked A Lot Like World of Warcraft
10 Games to Play if You Love Windrose