Latest Articles
Blox Fruits Best Fruit Combinations for Fast Grinding
Latest Epic Skins in Mobile Legends and How They Affect Gameplay
Complete Mount Guide in King’s Choice: Unlock Speed and Power
Update Blox Fruit Brings Weather, Potions, and New Skins – Players Must Prepare!
Why Grow a Garden Is the Most Popular Roblox Game in India
Home
Mobile Legends
Mobile Legends Layla: Lore, Builds, And Gameplay
Mobile Legends
Mobile Legends Layla: Lore, Builds, And Gameplay
By
UniPin Blog
November 2, 2021
Facebook
X
Pinterest
WhatsApp
Mobile Legends Layla
is one of the most iconic characters in the game
,
thanks to her kind of a “poster girl” status in the game. A fearsome Marksman-class Hero, she has the longest attack range from all other Marksman, and that range is increased by upgrading her Ultimate skill.
Layla is among the first heroes to be owned by new players. Currently, she belongs to the S.A.B.E.R Squad as well as the villainous Blazing Bounties Squad. She shares her English voice actress, Sarah Miller-Crews, with Lumine, the female twin from Genshin Impact.
Layla Mobile Legends Lore
Born to the most outstanding inventor couple from Eruditio, the city of science and technological advancements, Layla does not get along very well with her parents. They are primarily absent in her life due to the time-consuming nature of their work. As a result, she was raised by her elderly grandfather instead.
She grew up uninterested in science, looking up to her grandfather instead. He was a former member of Eruditio City Guard, inheriting his sense of justice and adventurous spirit to her beloved granddaughter. She yearned for adventures outside the city walls, something her father warned her about because he deemed her daughter was not yet ready for the cruelty of the world.
One night, Layla ran away from home, taking her Malefic Canon as her only companion, and ventured into the world. She eventually investigated a case of missing children in the remote area of the Moniyan Empire. Using the tracking and fighting skills she learned from her grandfather, she helped free the kidnapped children from the grasp of the evil Laboratory 1718.
She succeeded in freeing the children, but in turn, she was overwhelmed and fell into the hands of the evil scientists. After nearly losing all hope in the dark dungeon of the Laboratory, she was suddenly released and returned to Eruditio, where she learned that her father had defected to Laboratory 1718.
Years later, on his deathbed, her grandfather told her the truth about her father. The Laboratory took her after recognizing her Malefic Cannon and took an interest in it. As the inventor of the weapon, her father had to give himself up to the Laboratory so her daughter could be released.
She understood her father’s situation and has found new strength. She took the Leviathan Rifle prototype her father left behind and began her quest to find Laboratory 1718 to save her father.
Layla Best Builds
Currently, Layla has the longest attack range in the entire roster. The wider the gap between her and her enemies is, the more damage dealt will be increased thanks to her passive skill.
Her first and second skill, aside from dealing damage, increases her movement speed and slows her enemies, respectively. Her Ultimate skill obliterates enemies in her energy blast path, and the passive effect increases her attack range.
Due to her being a glass cannon with high damage and low survivability, players need to
build
Mobile Legends
Layla
with equipment that can address this issue. Flicker is a must-have spell if players want a chance to get out unscathed from mobs.
To further increase her survivability, shoe items like Swift Boots increase attack and movement speed by 15% and 40 points, respectively. Her HP sustainability can be boosted by using items such as Haas’s Claws and Wind of Nature, which gives a total of +100 Physical attack, +20% Attack speed, and 30% Lifesteal with an additional 15% Lifesteal when her HP dipped below 50%.
Damage dealing capabilities are further increased with Berserker’s Fury and Malefic Roar. Together, they give +125 Physical attack, +25% Critical chance, +40% Critical damage, and 35% Physical Penetration. Their respective Unique Passives give +5% Physical damage for 2s for each Crit hit and +0.05% Physical penetration for each point of the enemy’s Physical defense, capped at 20%.
The last equipment slot can be filled with either Windtalker, Blade of Despair, or Scarlet Phantom. Use Windtalker during early- to mid-game, then switch to Blade of Despair for more durability and higher burst damage. For a more sustained damage-per-second, switch to Scarlet Phantom instead.
Layla Gameplay
Mobile Legends Layla’s
playstyle of hitting enemies from afar makes her suitable for new players. She reaches her full potential in the late game, where she can easily eliminate enemies before from afar.
However, she relies heavily on positioning and item builds, making her a bit tricky to build. In the early game, without staying as far away as possible from team skirmishes, she is an easy kill due to her frail nature. One player under the name of Dani Moskov provided an in-depth guide on
how to use
Mobile Legends Layla
in
one of his YouTube videos
.
With all that said,
top-up your Diamonds
and obliterate those who stand in your way to victory using
Mobile Legends Layla
!
Facebook
X
Pinterest
WhatsApp
Previous article
Best Names In Mobile Legends For Your Team And Personal Account
Next article
Best Mobile Legends Layla Skins
RELATED ARTICLES
Mobile Legends
Latest Epic Skins in Mobile Legends and How They Affect Gameplay
Mobile Legends
Why Early-Season Mobile Legends Rank Push Feels Impossible for Philippine Gamers
Mobile Legends
Best Marksman in Mobile Legends 2025: Updated Tier List and Guide
Popular Articles
Roblox
Roblox : Get to Know About Blox Fruits Codes and How It Work
UniPin Blog
-
September 14, 2023
0
Blox Fruits Codes - The Roblox game Blox Fruits, inspired by One Piece, lets you embark on a journey to become the ultimate pirate,...
How to Easily Install & Play Free Fire PC
November 25, 2021
BGMI Tier Rank List: A Comprehensive Guide to Battlegrounds Mobile India Ranks
June 9, 2023
How to Play and Download FreeFire PC
July 25, 2022
All You Need to Know About Starlight Member ML
November 4, 2021
Mobile Legends Ranking System: Tier List and Tips to Rank Up
November 8, 2021