Trending
The Boys Season 5
Windrose
Invincible Season 4
Twitch
Overwatch
Gaming
Genshin Impact
Best Kinich Genshin Impact build: Artifacts, weapons, & team comp
by
Rishov Mukherjee
Updated:
Sep 17, 2024, 13:25
Save for later
Save for later
HoYoverse
Get Notifications for Gaming News
Contents
1
Best Kinich Genshin Impact build
Best Weapons
Best Artifacts
Ascension and talent level-up materials
2
Best team comp for Kinich
3
Kinich abilities
4
Kinich Constellations
5
Kinich pros and cons
6
Kinich trailer
Kinich is a 5-star Dendro unit in Genshin Impact that has a fast and agile playstyle accompanied by massive damage output.
Kinich was released in
Genshin Impact
as part of the
version 5.0
update. He’s quite versatile and can function in a variety of teams including Burgeon and Quickbloom. Apart from that, his mobility makes exploration very easy as you can roam around Natlan quickly.
He is not a must-pull, but definitely worth having in your account in case you lack a
Dendro
DPS. If you’re looking to pull for Kinich we have you covered with a detailed guide featuring his best weapon, artifacts, and team comp.
Article continues after ad
Best Kinich Genshin Impact build
Weapon
Artifacts
Stats
Team Comp
Fang of the Mountain King
Obsidian Codex (4-pc)
Sands
: Elemental Mastery
Goblet
: Dendro DMG Bonus
Circlet
: Crit Rate or Crit DMG
Substats
: Crit Rate, Crit DMG, Elemental Mastery, ATK%
Kinich, Emilie, Xiangling, Bennett
While this is the best build for Kinich in Genshin Impact, if you want to learn about the individual components of the setup, you can find detailed information below.
Best Weapons
Fang of the Mountain King
HoYoverse
Fang of the Mountain King works exceptionally well on Kinich.
This is the best weapon for Kinich in Genshin Impact. Upon equipping it grants the Turquoise Hunt buff on the wearer. Upon hitting an opponent with an Elemental Skill, the wielder gains one stack of Canopy’s Favor as part of the Turquoise Hunt buff.
Article continues after ad
When a nearby party member triggers a Burning or Burgeon reaction, the wearer gains three stacks at once. Canopy’s Favor increases the Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst DMG bonus by 10%. The maximum number of stacks that can be obtained is six.
Article continues after ad
Beacon of the Reed Sea
This is the best alternative weapon for Kinich in Genshin Impact. Upon equipping and hitting an opponent with their Elemental Skill, the character’s ATK is increased by 20%. When they take damage, they gain a further 20% ATK buff.
This effect is triggered even when the character is not on the field. Finally, if the wielder is not protected by a shield, their HP is increased by 32%.
Best Artifacts
Being Natlan unit, Kinich relies on the Nightsoul mechanic for maximum damage output. As such, the best Artifact set for Kinich is
Obsidian Codex
. The set bonus for this Artifact set is as follows:
Related
Best Yao Guang Honkai Star Rail build: Team, Light Cones, Eidolons, and Abilities
Best One-Handed Sword build in Wuchang: Fallen Feathers
Best Kachina Genshin Impact build: Artifacts, weapons & team comp
Article continues after ad
Set Piece
Set Bonus
2-pc
While the equipping character is in Nightsoul’s Blessing and is on the field, their DMG dealt is increased by 15%.
4-pc
After the equpping character consumes 1 Nightsoul point while on the field, CRIT Rate increases by 40% for 6s. This effect can trigger once every second.
HoYoverse
Obsidian Codex provides massive Crit Rate boost to Kinich.
Ascension and talent level-up materials
Ascension
Kinich in Genshin Impact needs
Nagadus Emerald Silver and its upgrades, Saurian Claw Succulent, Overripe Flamegranate, and Juvenile Fang and its upgrades
. The exact number of materials he needs is as follows:
Article continues after ad
Nagadus Emerald Silver x1
Nagadus Emerald Fragment x9
Nagadus Emerald Chunk x9
Nagadus Emerald Gemstone x6
Saurian Claw Succulent x168
Juvenile Fang x18
Seasoned Fang x30
Tyrant’s Fang x36
Overripe Flamegranate x46
Talent level-up
Kinich’s talents in Genshin Impact need
Teachings of Kindling and its upgrades, Juvenile Fang and its upgrades, Denial and Judgement, and Crown of Insight
. The exact number of materials he needs is as follows:
Teachings of Kindling x9
Guide to Kindling x63
Philosophies of Kindling x114
Juvenile Fang x18
Seasoned Fang x66
Tyrant’s Fang x93
Denial and Judgement x18
Crown of Insight x3
Best team comp for Kinich
Kinich can work in multiple teams, but Burgeon’s damage output is the highest compared to others. The best units to pair alongside him are
Emilie
,
Xiangling
, and Bennett
. In this team, Kinich functions as the main DPS, Bennet helps with buffs and healing and Xiangling provides damage along with Pyro application to trigger the reactions.
Article continues after ad
HoYoverse
Kinch works very well in Burgeon teams.
If you want, you can replace Bennett with Chereuse or Thoma who also synergize extremely well with Kinich’s kit. You can also run a team comprised of
Kinich,
Nahida
, Xingqiu, and Kuki Shinobu
for Quickbloom reactions. This comp isn’t the strongest, but it’s very consistent with its damage output.
Kinich abilities
HoYoverse
Kinich can deal massive damage with his abilities in Genshin Impact.
Basic Attack- Nightsun Style
Ability Name
Description
Normal Attack
Performs up to 3 rapid strikes.
After using his Elemental Skill “Canopy Hunter: Riding High”‘s mid-air swing attack, he can perform a mid-air Normal Attack before landing.
Charge Attack
Consumes a certain amount to spin and throw his Claymore forward to attack opponents.
Plunging Attack
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Elemental Skill
Ability Name
Description
Canopy Hunter: Riding High
Kinich uses his big-game hunting skills to either move swiftly or attack his opponent.
When no opponents are nearby, he fires a grappling hook forward and swings in mid-air, and this Skill’s CD decreases by 60%. When an opponent is present, he will fire the hook at the target opponent and enter Nightsoul’s Blessing at 0 Nightsoul points.
Can be Held. When Held, he can aim the grappling hook.
Nightsoul’s Blessing: Kinich
Kinich’s Nightsoul’s Blessing lasts 10s and generates 2 Nightsoul points every second.
In this state, Kinich will hook onto a nearby opponent and perform a variable attack:
·Using a Normal Attack will perform a loop shot around the grapple target based on current movement direction, dealing Dendro DMG with the Nightsoul attribute and generating 3 Nightsoul points. Mid-air swing DMG is considered Elemental Skill DMG.
When Nightsoul points are at max, he can use the Elemental Skill “Scalespiker Cannon”: Consume all Nightsoul points to deal Dendro DMG with the Nightsoul attribute. When “Scalespiker Cannon” is held, Kinich can take aim at his target. After firing the Cannon, Kinich will try to grapple to its target.
While in Nightsoul’s Blessing, Kinich will generate a Dead Zone beside an opponent he has grappled to or fired the Cannon at. When he enters this Zone, it will be canceled, and Kinich will gain 4 Nightsoul points.
If the grapple connection should snap due to exceeded distance or some other reason, using a Normal Attack will establish a new connection with a nearby opponent before performing a loop shot.
Elemental Burst
Ability Name
Description
Hail to Almighty Dragonlord
Unleashes the power of Ajaw the Almighty Dragonlord (on a limited, conditional, restricted, contractual, partial, temporary basis), dealing AoE Dendro DMG. Ajaw will unleash his dragon-breath at intervals, dealing AoE Dendro DMG.
If Kinich is in Nightsoul’s Blessing when this is used, this Blessing’s duration is extended by 2s.
Passive skills
Ability Name
Description
Night Realm’s Gift: Repaid in Full
When Kinich is in the air following Canopy Hunter: Riding High’s mid-air swing, he can consume 10 Phlogiston points to perform another mid-air swing.
While in an area with Phlogiston Device(s) within Natlan, he can use Nightsoul Transmission: Kinich. When the current active character is sprinting, in movement states that result from specific Talents, or a certain height in the air, switching to Kinich will trigger the following: Kinich will fire a grappling hook and swing. Kinich will prioritize valid Coilgrass Sigils as grapple targets. He can use Nightsoul Transmission once every 10s.
When interacting with Coilgrass Sigils and other items that can interact with Yumkasaurs, “Canopy Hunter: Riding High” will be converted to “Yumkasaur Mimesis,” which causes interactions with such items to follow rules applicable to Yumkasaurs, and which will not put Canopy Hunter: Riding High on CD.
The Price of Desolation
When in Nightsoul’s Blessing, opponents hit by Kinich’s Elemental Skill DMG will enter the Desolation state, and when affected by Burning or Burgeon reaction DMG, they will restore 7 Nightsoul points to him. Nightsoul points can be gained this way once every 0.8 seconds. The Desolation state will persist until this instance of Kinich’s Nightsoul’s Blessing ends.
Flame Spirit Pact
When a nearby party member triggers a Nightsoul Burst, Kinich will gain 1 stack of Hunter’s Experience that lasts 15 seconds, max 2 stacks. When Kinich uses Canopy Hunter: Riding High’s Scalespiker Cannon, all stacks will be consumed, with each stack increasing the DMG dealt by this Cannon shot by 320% of Kinich’s ATK.
Kinich Constellations
HoYoverse
Kinich’s Constellations increase his damage output in Genshin Impact.
Level 1 – Parrot’s Beak
: After Kinich lands from Canopy Hunter: Riding High’s mid-air swing, his Movement SPD will increase by 20% for 5s.Additionally, Scalespiker Cannon’s CRIT DMG is increased by 100%.
Level 2 –
Tiger Beetle’s Palm
: When Kinich’s Elemental Skill hits opponents, it will decrease their Dendro RES by 30% for 6s. Additionally, the first Scalespiker Cannon Kinich fires after entering Nightsoul’s Blessing has increased AoE, and its DMG increases by 100%.
Level 3 – Protosuchian’s Claw:
Increases the Level of Canopy Hunter: Riding High by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4 –
Hummingbird’s Feather:
When in Nightsoul’s Blessing, Kinich will restore 5 Energy after using his loop shots or after unleashing the Scalespiker Cannon. Energy can be regenerated this way once every 2.8s. Additionally, Hail to the Almighty Dragonlord deals 70% more DMG.
Level 5 –
Howler Monkey’s Tail: Increases the Level of Hail to the Almighty Dragonlord by 3. The maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6 – Auspicious Beast’s Shape:
After Scalespiker Cannon hits an opponent, it will bounce between opponents once, dealing 700% of Kinich’s ATK as Dendro DMG. If this Scalespiker Cannon triggers the buffs that Passive Talent “Flame Spirit Pact” or the Constellation “Tiger Beetle’s Palm” grant to the Cannon, the bouncing attack will also obtain the relevant buffs.
Kinich pros and cons
The pros and cons of Kinich in Genshin Impact are as follows:
Article continues after ad
Pros
Cons
Powerful damage numbers
Hard to play
Works with F2P units
Lacks dedicated teams
Helps make exploration faster
Kinich trailer
On September 16, 2024, HoYoverse released the official trailer for Kinich on their YouTube channel. If you did not check it out yet, you can do so from the link provided below:
Article continues after ad
That’s everything you need to know about Kinich in Genshin Impact. For more on the game, check out all the
free characters
you can get,
how the Pity system
works, and whether or not it’s
cross-platform
.
More
Genshin Impact
News
Add as a preferred source on Google
Follow on Google News
Featured Articles
TV & Movies
Why isn’t Brooke Hogan in Hulk Hogan: Real American? Netflix documentary explained
TV & Movies
Storage Wars star claims cyberbully was “tormenting” Darrell Sheets before his death
Entertainment
NASA website lets you spell your name using real images of Earth
TV & Movies
You can now wear a Jurassic Park fragrance that was “65 million years in the making”
Food
Cafe “run entirely” by AI goes viral, but it still needs humans
Sign up to Dexerto
For The latest News, Views & Reviews
Better Reading Experience
|
Save Your Favourite Items
Sign up