Home
/
Genshin Impact
/
Character List
/
Kinich Profile
Kinich Profile, Talents and Constellations
Kinich is a 5-star Dendro Claymore character in Genshin Impact
who acts as a Main DPS dealing damage through his Elemental Skill "Riding High"
which provides a unique gameplay experience. Read our Kinich guide to learn more about
Kinich's kit, Kinich's best Builds and also his Ascension and Talent Materials.
Last updated
on
Mar 02, 2026
at
13:00
by
GachaHub
S
Rank
Dendro
Element
Claymore
Weapon
★
★
★
★
★
Rarity
John Patneaude
EN Voice Actor
Sugiyama Noriaki
JP Voice Actor
Profile & Talents
Build Guide
Team Guide
Introduction — Kinich
Kinich
is a 5-Star
Dendro
Claymore Character 
in Genshin Impact. Our Kinich guide and best builds cover everything you need to know 
about Kinich's best builds, including skills, artifacts, team compositions and more. To 
learn more about Kinich, use the tabs above to switch to our build information 
for Kinich or their team compositions.
1.
Kinich Build Guide Infographic
Kinich's Strengths & Weaknesses
Strengths
Kinich has high mobility during combat due to the mechanics of his Elemental Skill.
Elemental Skill makes combat with ranged enemies easier than most claymore characters due to the automatic targeting and grappling.
Weaknesses
Blind Spot mechanic causes unpredictability during gameplay which requires more understanding of enemy attack patterns than most other characters as well as creating variances that lead to not necessarily having a set rotation.
Poor performance in AoE scenarios due to being heavily single-target focused.
Ascension Stat & Materials for Kinich
Ascension Stat:
88.4% CRIT DMG
Kinich gains CRIT DMG each time he ascends, totalling 88.4% at level 90. The
total Ascension material costs are listed below:
Source
Quantity
Mora
420,000 Mora
Boss Material
46x
Water That Failed To Transcend
Ascension Material
1x
Nagadus Emerald Sliver
9x
Nagadus Emerald Fragment
9x
Nagadus Emerald Chunk
6x
Nagadus Emerald Gemstone
Local Specialty
168x
Saurian Claw Succulent
Enhancement Material
18x
Juvenile Fang
30x
Seasoned Fang
36x
Tyrant's Fang
Talent Materials for Kinich
Listed below are all the materials required to raise a single talent of 
Kinich's to level 10. Please check our Kinich build guide for recommendations on 
talent priorities.
Source
Quantity
Mora
1,625,500 Mora
Special Material
1x
Crown of Insight
Boss Material
6x
Denial and Judgment
Domain Material
3x
Teachings of Kindling
21x
Guide to Kindling
38x
Philosophies of Kindling
Enhancement Material
6x
Juvenile Fang
22x
Seasoned Fang
31x
Tyrant's Fang
Kinich's Talents
Nightsun Style
Normal Attack
Normal Attack
Performs up to 3 rapid strikes.
After using his Elemental Skill "Canopy Hunter: Riding High"'s mid-air swing, he can perform a Normal Attack in mid-air before landing.
Charged Attack
Consumes a certain amount of Stamina to spin and throw his Claymore forward to attack opponents.
Plunging Attack
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Canopy Hunter: Riding High
Elemental Skill
CD: Variable
Kinich uses his big-game hunting skills to either move swiftly or attack his opponent.
When there is an opponent or object that can be attacked nearby, he will attach a grappling hook to the target and enter Nightsoul's Blessing with 0 Nightsoul points. If neither is nearby, he fires a grappling hook forward and swings in mid-air, and this Skill's CD is decreased by 60%.
This skill can be Held to release. When it is Held, Kinich can aim the grappling hook.
Nightsoul's Blessing: Kinich
Kinich's Nightsoul's Blessing lasts 10s and generates 2 Nightsoul points every second.
In this state, Kinich will hook onto a nearby opponent and perform a variable attack:
When using a Normal Attack, Kinich will fire Loop Shots as he loops around the grappled target based on his current movement direction, dealing Nightsoul-aligned
Dendro DMG
and generating 3 Nightsoul points. Loop Shot DMG is considered Elemental Skill DMG.
When Nightsoul points are at max, he can use the Elemental Skill "Scalespiker Cannon": Consume all Nightsoul points to deal Nightsoul-aligned
Dendro DMG
. When "Scalespiker Cannon" is Held, Kinich can aim this shot. After firing the Cannon, Kinich will try to grapple to its target.
While in Nightsoul's Blessing, after grappling an opponent or firing "Scalespiker Cannon," a Blind Spot will be generated next to the opponent. When Kinich enters this Blind Spot, it will disappear and he will generate 4 Nightsoul points.
If the grapple connection should snap due to exceeding the maximum distance or some other reason, using a Normal Attack will establish a new connection with a nearby opponent before performing Loop Shots.
"All things come with a cost. I suggest you make a suitable offer... What? No, I don't do installments."
Hail to the Almighty Dragonlord
Elemental Burst
CD: 15s
Energy Cost: 70s
Unleashes the power of the Almighty Dragonlord, K'uhul Ajaw (on a limited, conditional, restricted, contractual, partial, temporary basis), dealing Nightsoul-aligned
AoE Dendro DMG
. Ajaw will unleash his Dragon Breath at intervals, dealing Nightsoul-aligned
AoE Dendro DMG
.
If Kinich is in Nightsoul's Blessing when this is used, this Blessing's duration is extended by 1.7s.
"Yes, yes! You stand before K'uhul Ajaw the Almighty Dragonlord! Come forward, then! Kneel, and kiss our feet!"
Kinich's Ascension Passive Talents
The Price of Desolation
1st Ascension Passive
When Kinich is in Nightsoul's Blessing state, opponents hit by his Elemental Skill will enter the Desolation state, and when affected by Burning or Burgeon reaction DMG, they will restore 7 Nightsoul points to him. Nightsoul points can be gained this way once every 0.8s. The Desolation state will persist until this instance of Kinich's Nightsoul's Blessing state ends.
Flame Spirit Pact
4th Ascension Passive
After a nearby party member triggers a Nightsoul Burst, Kinich will gain 1 stack of Hunter's Experience that lasts 15s. Max 2 stacks. When Kinich uses
Canopy Hunter: Riding High
's Scalespiker Cannon, all stacks of Hunter's Experience will be consumed, with each stack consumed increasing the DMG dealt by this Cannon shot by 320% of Kinich's ATK.
Night Realm's Gift, Repaid in Full
Utility Passive
When Kinich is in the air following
Canopy Hunter: Riding High
's mid-air swing, he can consume 10 Phlogiston points to perform another mid-air swing.
While in an area with Phlogiston Mechanics within Natlan, he can use Nightsoul Transmission: Kinich. When the current active character is sprinting, in movement states that result from specific Talents, or in the air, when you switch to Kinich: Kinich will perform one of the following actions depending on the conditions met:
When facing a Coilgrass Sigil that can be interacted with: He will fire a grappling hook towards it to move;
When there are nearby opponents and you are in combat: Kinich will use Canopy Hunter: Riding High in the direction of the opponents;
Otherwise, Kinich will fire a grappling hook and swing, prioritizing valid Coilgrass Sigils as grapple targets.
Nightsoul Transmission can be triggered once every 10s by your own party.
When interacting with Coilgrass Sigils and other items that Yumkasaurs can interact with, "Canopy Hunter: Riding High" will be converted to "Yumkasaur Mimesis," which causes interactions with such items to follow rules applicable to Yumkasaurs, and which will not put Canopy Hunter: Riding High on CD.
Swift Envoy
Additional Passive
While in an area with Phlogiston Mechanics within Natlan, interacting with some harvestable items will increase your own party members' Movement SPD by 15% for 10s. Additionally, the location of nearby
resources unique to Natlan
will appear on your mini-map.
Kinich's Constellations
Parrot's Beak
Constellation
C1
After Kinich lands from
Canopy Hunter: Riding High
's mid-air swing, his Movement SPD will increase by 30% for 6s.
Additionally, Scalespiker Cannon's CRIT DMG is increased by 100%.
Tiger Beetle's Palm
Constellation
C2
When Kinich's Elemental Skill hits an opponent, it will decrease their
Dendro RES
by 30% for 6s.
Additionally, the first Scalespiker Cannon Kinich fires after entering Nightsoul's Blessing has increased AoE, and its DMG increases by 100%.
Protosuchia's Claw
Constellation
C3
Increases the Level of
Canopy Hunter: Riding High
by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Hummingbird's Feather
Constellation
C4
When in Nightsoul's Blessing, Kinich will restore 5 Energy after using his Loop Shots or after unleashing the Scalespiker Cannon. Energy can be regenerated this way once every 2.8s.
Additionally,
Hail to the Almighty Dragonlord
deals 70% more DMG.
Howler Monkey's Tail
Constellation
C5
Increases the Level of
Hail to the Almighty Dragonlord
by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Auspicious Beast's Shape
Constellation
C6
After Scalespiker Cannon hits an opponent, it will bounce between opponents once, dealing 700% of Kinich's ATK as
Dendro DMG
.
If this Scalespiker Cannon triggers the buffs that Passive Talent "Flame Spirit Pact" or the Constellation "Tiger Beetle's Palm" grant to the Cannon, the bouncing attack will also obtain the relevant buffs.
Build Guide for Kinich
To learn all about Kinich's best weapons, artifacts and builds, check 
our dedicated Kinich build guide below:
Kinich Guide & Best Builds
Changelog
13 Feb. 2026:
Kinich guide updated for 6.3.
27 Sep. 2025:
Updated for 6.0.
10 Jul. 2025:
Updated for 5.7.
12 Feb. 2025:
Reviewed for 5.4.
17 Jan. 2025:
Updated for 5.3.
06 Sep. 2024:
Full Guide released.
27 Jul. 2024:
Initial page added.
Show more
Show less
Profile & Talents
Build Guide
Team Guide
In The Same Category
Kinich Team Guide
Kinich Best Builds Guide
Baizhu Best Builds Guide
Alhaitham Best Builds Guide
Kirara Best Builds Guide
Nefer Team Guide
Nahida Best Builds Guide
Yaoyao Best Builds Guide
Lauma Best Builds Guide
Tighnari Best Builds Guide
Emilie Best Builds Guide
Lauma Team Guide
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Asher is a Genshin Impact and Wuthering Waves creator and theorycrafter 
        with over three years of experience in Teyvat and one year in Solaris-3. 
        He has been producing guides and analysis content consistently for the past 
        six months, building a growing YouTube community of more than 8,000 subscribers. 
        He focuses on creating simple, clear, and beginner-friendly guides designed 
        to help new players understand characters, builds, and meta strategies with ease.
SUPPORT OUR WRITERS