By
Marc Santos
Published
05/04/21 AT 7:51 AM EDT
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Reddit
Share on Flipboard
Share on Pocket
KEY POINTS
Yanfei's playstyle revolves around building passive stacks and using Charged Attacks
The Crimson Witch and Wanderer's Troupe sets suit Yanfei best
She can use any catalyst, but the Solar Pearl is arguably the best-in-slot
The recently-added four-star Pyro catalyst user Yanfei is a blast to play, dealing large amounts of area-of-effect Pyro damage in a way that no other character in her category can. Her kit is flexible enough to allow Yanfei to be a team’s main DPS and a secondary burst carry if built right.
As with the other playable characters in “
Genshin Impact
,” getting the right combination of stats, passives and team members can help bring out Yanfei’s true potential. Here are some of the best builds for Yanfei, as well as some general pointers for using her.
Playstyle
Yanfei’s playstyle is very similar to that of Ningguang. She builds up special charges called Scarlet Seals that increase the power of her Charged Attacks. Unlike Ningguang, Yanfei can build up Scarlet Seals using her abilities.
Yanfei in combat in Genshin Impact
MiHoYo
This mechanic incentivizes Yanfei to weave her abilities between her auto-attacks to quickly gain the maximum amount of Seals then expending them for an empowered Charged Attack. The way she gains Seals also opens her up to some very high-damage combos with other characters.
Weapons and Artifacts
Players have two choices when it comes to artifact sets:
Crimson Witch
and
Wanderer’s Troupe
.
Crimson Witch is a no-brainer for Pyro DPS, and it’s the best choice for players who want Yanfei as their main DPS carry. This set boosts her damage and Pyro elemental reactions significantly, which will increase even more as she uses her Elemental Skill.
On the other hand,
Wanderer’s Troupe
will enhance her Charged Attack damage by 35%. This grants her incredible burst potential, especially with Melt procs.
For artifact stats, focus on ATK%, Pyro DMG, CRIT DMG and CRIT Rate.
The
Solar Pearl
is the weapon of choice for DPS Yanfei, but the
Widsith
and the
Eye of Perception
can make for decent alternatives.
Team Compositions
A Melt-centric composition will be the most ideal for dealing damage with Yanfei. However, since her damage mainly comes from Charged Attacks, it’s more ideal to pair Yanfei with characters who have persistent Cryo effects.
Rosaria
can fill a Physical damage role in a team while also providing Yanfei with a persistent Cryo field with her Elemental Burst. Rosaria’s Burst skill pulses Cryo damage periodically, giving Yanfei enough time to build up more Seals in time for the next Melt window.
Kaeya
can be a decent choice, albeit slightly risky. Yanfei can build up Seals then hit them with Kaeya’s rotating Elemental Burst before using a Charged Attack.
RELATED STORIES
'Genshin Impact' 1.5 Guide: How To Clear Spiral Abyss Floor 11 Fast
Latest 'Genshin Impact' Leak May Disappoint Inazuma Fans
© Copyright IBTimes 2026. All rights reserved.