Yanfei Team Comp Guide - Genshin Impact
By
Nahda Nabiilah
Published
Sep 8, 2021, 12:31 PM EDT
Nahda Nabiilah is a writer and editor from Indonesia. She has always loved writing and playing games, so one day she decided to combine the two. Most of the time, writing gaming guides is a blast for her, due to it being two of Nahda's favorite things. She strives to make detailed and easy-to-follow guides.
Sign in to your
GameRant
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Yanfei
Pyro
Catalyst
Liyue
Guides
Ascension
Builds
Weapons
Team Comp
Constellation
Player Mistakes
Back to All Characters
Yanfei in
Genshin Impact
is a Pyro catalyst character that hails from Liyue. This law advisor is half Adepti and is known for her amazing work in negotiations. Yanfei is not only great in matters of law but is also fantastic at fighting. She's similar to Ningguang in terms of mechanics, but because she's a Pyro user, she needs more support than Ningguang.
RELATED:
Most Common Mistakes Made By New Genshin Impact Players
Unlike Ningguang that can function with random team composition, Yanfei needs a lot of support to reach her maximum potential. Yanfei's Elemental Burst allows her to do her attack sequence more effectively, but she can't generate enough Energy alone, so she needs a battery to recharge her Energy. The law advisor in
Genshin Impact
also needs Elemental Reaction to deal a lot of damage.
Crowd Control
Venti and Sucrose from their character demos.
Catalyst users are the best when paired with Anemo characters. They can easily reach the crowd control area, and they can trigger the 4-Viridescent Venerer's effect from the Anemo characters.
Venti
Yanfei is highly reliant on her charged attack. This attack functions
similar to Klee
, where it's considered an "explosion". This is sometimes a good thing, as Yanfei can break Geo shields and Ores with her charged attack. In some other cases, this can be a downside.
Yanfei's attack can minorly throw the enemies back, but this also means she sometimes will scatter the enemies. This won't be an issue if Yanfei is paired with Venti. Venti's Elemental Burst will keep the enemies in the vortex, allowing Yanfei to destroy without scattering the enemies.
Sucrose
sucrose being shy in Genshin Impact
Not only
crowd control on her Elemental Burst and Skill
, but Sucrose also boosts Yanfei's Elemental Mastery. Because of this, Yanfei can deal higher damage when she triggers Elemental Reactions. Pyro characters are twice as powerful when dealing Melt damage, and 1.5 times when dealing Vaporize. Extra Elemental Mastery will boost these numbers up.
Kazuha
Kazuha during his character demo.
Kazuha can also boost Yanfei's damage, although in a different way than Sucrose. Kazuha can grant an Elemental Damage bonus to his team when he triggers a Swirl reaction. This buff will scale with his Elemental Mastery, which makes him the perfect candidate for 4-Viridescent Venerer.
4-Viridescent Venerer artifact set will allow Kazuha to be a great off-field DPS while buffing Yanfei's damage. Furthermore, the Anemo artifact set also reduces the enemy's Elemental Resistance.
Melt Composition
Ganyu strolling Liyue streets while Diona being sleepy next to cats.
Pyro characters
reach their maximum potential when they're set for Melt reactions. This is no difference for Yanfei. However, it's worth noting that Yanfei should not try to Melt a Frozen enemy. Due to the nature of her charged attack, it is considered an explosion and will break the Frozen state without dealing Melt.
So players can either pair Yanfei with a Cryo character for Melt or Hydro character for Vaporize. But it's not recommended to have both at the same time.
Ganyu
besides dealing massive damage, ganyu enjoys her sleep
Ganyu fits better as the main DPS, but she also makes an amazing support. Her Elemental Skill deals Cryo damage and taunts the enemies, which will allow Yanfei to deal Melt while avoiding hits.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Mistakes Players Make When Using Chongyun
While her Elemental Burst rain Cryo on the field, providing constant Cryo application for Yanfei to enjoy. Ganyu's Elemental Burst has a 100% uptime, so Yanfei can constantly utilize it.
Diona
Diona is mostly a defensive support for Yanfei. She
can constantly apply Cryo to the enemies with her Elemental Burst
, although not as frequent as Ganyu. Instead, Diona offers protection, healing, buff, and debuff for Yanfei.
Her Elemental Skill grants a shield and increases movement speed, while her Elemental Burst reduces the enemy's attack and may grant stat bonuses if players own her Constellations.
Vaporize Composition
Barbara praying while Xingqiu is reading a book
Vaporize may not be as satisfying as Melt for Pyro characters, but it's still a great choice for Elemental reactions. With Vaporize, Yanfei will deal at least 1.5x more damage with her attacks.
Xingqiu
xingqui during his story quest
Xingqiu's Elemental Burst has everything. It's amazing at damage dealing, super handy to apply Hydro, and also grants protection for Yanfei. This Guhua Disciple is easily one of the best teammates for her.
Barbara
Although not as effective at applying Hydro as Xingqiu, Barbara can still constantly do the job. Barbara's Elemental Skill reduces stamina consumption, which is perfect because Yanfei requires stamina to cast Charged Attack.
The Elemental Skill will also heal and cleanse Elemental debuff. However, players should remember not to use Barbara's skill near Cryo enemies. Otherwise, the players will easily get Frozen.
Supports for Yanfei
Qiqi is a zombie, Bennet is unlucky.
Other than typical compositions, there are also some characters that are often paired with Yanfei. They're mostly defensive, which makes sense as Yanfei is squishy. She gains a small boost in defense on her fourth constellation, but they still don't compare to the following supports.
Zhongli
Zhongli with his Polearm from his character demo
Zhongli's shield isn't only good for protection
, but it also makes Yanfei a viable candidate for the 4-Retracing Bolide artifact. This underrated set will boost Yanfei's Normal and Charged Attack as long as she's protected by a shield. Furthermore, the artifact set will also increase her survivability with the 35% Shield Strength boost.
Bennett
suigetsu pool relay guide
Bennett is easily the perfect pair with Yanfei. Having this
top-tier support in the team
with Yanfei will trigger the Pyro Resonance. Of course, Bennett also offers a lot more. Protection, healing, cleansing, and his enormous attack buff.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Most Underrated Characters
Not only that, but Bennett is the perfect battery for Yanfei. Bennett can generate a lot of particles with his Elemental Skill. The cooldown of his Elemental Skill is very short too, so players can spam it to regain Yanfei's Elemental Burst.
Qiqi
Qiqi with Cryo around her
The little zombie, Qiqi, is a Cryo character that's
heavily inclined toward healing
. She heals on her Elemental Skill, and she also heals with her Elemental Burst. Qiqi is a good pair with Yanfei because Yanfei can easily heal off Qiqi's Burst with her fast attacks.
Qiqi also offers minor Cryo applications with her Elemental Skill, which is slightly better than Diona's. If players pair Cryo characters with Anemo characters, the Swirl reaction will apply Cryo in an AOE, allowing Yanfei to deal Melt more often.
Strategy Guides
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which recently released Nintendo cozy game do you prefer?
Pokemon Pokopia
Pokemon Pokopia
56.7%
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
43.3%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Gundam Creator is Frustrated Fans Don’t “Get The Message” of the Franchise
Pokemon Champions Giving Away Free Gen 1 Starter
Final Fantasy 14 Reveals Massive Gameplay Changes in Evercold