Ningguang is a playable Geo character in Genshin Impact. She is one of the most powerful and thus popular champions. We decided to write this guide to help you learn more about Ningguang. In our Genshin Impact Ningguang Build and Best Team Comp post you will learn about Ningguang’s talents, how they work and how to upgrade them. Also, you will read about her Constellations that will help you make Ningguang even more powerful. After that, we have written Genshin Impact Ningguang Build where you’ll see weapon and artifact set. And at last, we have mentioned the best team comps for Ningguang as the main DPS hero.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
The whole information is presented in tables. You can use the navigation bar above to move quickly to the information block that you are most interested in.
Talents
Constellations
Build
Team
Ningguang Build
Below you can see the best weapon option for playing Ningguang in Genshin Impact. Accompanied by the best Ningguang artifact set and its stat priorities.
Main DPS Build
If you play this champion as a Main DPS in your comp you should take the weapon and artifacts from the list below. They are believed to be the most effective ones in almost all situations.
Weapon
Lost Prayer to the Sacred Winds
Weapon Substitutes:
Memory Of Dust
,
Solar Pearl
.
Artifact Set
Archaic Petra
(2-Piece)
Gladiator’s Finale
(2-Piece)
Artifact Main Stats Priority:
ATK%
Geo DMG Bonus
CRIT Rate / CRIT DMG
Sub Stats Priority: CRIT DMG > CRIT Rate > ATK% > ATK / Energy Recharge / Elemental Mastery
Talent Priority
Starshatter > Sparkling Scatter > Jade Screen
Best Team Compositions for Ningguang
When you play Genshin Impact everything depends not only on your main character but also on the composition. You should learn how elements complement each other and build the best team for your main. Below you can see the best team composition for Ningguang with two sub DPS characters and one support. Also, we have included alternative characters for each role that go well with Ningguang too.
Due to the fact that Ningguang uses a lot of Normal Attacks, Fischl is a perfect Sub DPS for her. She is a great off-field DPS and a battery. Zhongli supports Ningguang with a powerful shields and Geo Res shred while Bennett heals and boosts Ningguang’s DMG.
Good characters for this comp:
Albedo, Noelle, Mona, Xingqiu, Beidou, Xiangling, Diona, Qiqi.
If you want to know more about every teammate for Ningguang you can click on the link below and find them in the list of all Genshin Impact characters that we have described.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
In case you are still not sure what champion you want to pick as main we have
Genshin Impact characters tier list
with explanations on how to build your best team.
Ningguang Talents
Below you can see the list of talents that Ningguang uses during the fight. Each of them we have described with the main characteristics.
Sparkling Scatter
Normal Attack
Normal Attack:
Shoots gems that deal Geo DMG.
Upon hit, this grants Ningguang 1 Star Jade.
Charged Attack:
Consumes a certain amount of stamina to fire off a giant gem that deals Geo DMG.
If Ningguang has any Star Jades, unleashing a Charged Attack will cause the Star Jades to be fired at the enemy as well, dealing additional DMG.
Plunging Attack:
Gathering the might of Geo, Ningguang plunges towards the ground from mid-air, damaging all opponents in her path. Deals AoE Geo DMG upon impact with the ground.
Jade Screen
Elemental Skill
Ningguang creates a Jade Screen out of gold, obsidian and her great opulence, dealing AoE Geo DMG.
Jade Screen:
Blocks opponents’ projectiles.
Endurance scales based on Ningguang’s Max HP.
Jade Screen is considered a Geo Construct and can be used to block certain attacks, but cannot be climbed. Only one Jade Screen may exist at any one time.
Starshatter
Elemental Burst
Gathering a great number of gems, Ningguang scatters them all at once, sending homing projectiles at her opponents that deal massive Geo DMG.
If Starshatter is cast when a Jade Screen is nearby, the Jade Screen will fire additional gem projectiles at the same time.
Backup Plan
1st Ascension Passive
When Ningguang is in possession of Star Jades, her Charged Attack does not consume Stamina.
Strategic Reserve
4th Ascension Passive
A character that passes through the Jade Screen will gain a 12% Geo DMG Bonus for 10s.
Trove of Marvelous Treasures
Utility Passive
Displays the location of nearby ore veins used in forging on the mini-map.
Every talent can be upgraded up to level 15. But to do so you will need to gather materials on particular days. The list of the needed materials for leveling Ningguang’s talents is mentioned in the next block.
Talent Leveling Materials
So here you can see all materials that you will need in order to level up Ningguang’s talents.
Talent Level-Up Materials
Prosperity Books:
Teachings of Prosperity
,
Guide to Prosperity
,
Philosophies of Prosperity
.
Common Ascension Materials
Recruit’s Insignia
,
Sergeant’s Insignia
,
Lieutenant’s Insignia
.
Weekly Boss Material
Spirit Locket of Boreas
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
Some of them are required at the beginning for low levels and others are more advanced. We just wanted to focus your attention on material types in general.
Ningguang Constellations
In Genshin Impact characters have a specific upgrade system called constellation. You will need to get a specific item called Stella Fortuna to increase the level of constellation. Each character has their own version of Stella Fortuna, which you get by obtaining a duplicate of the character from Wishes.
Level 1
Piercing Fragments
When a Normal Attack hits, it deals AoE DMG.
Level 2
Shock Effect
When Jade Screen is shattered, its CD will reset.
Can occur once every 6s.
Level 3
Majesty be the Array of Stars
Increases the Level of Starshatter by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4
Exquisite be the Jade, Outshining All Beneath
Jade Screen increases nearby characters’ Elemental RES by 10%.
Level 5
Invincible be the Jade Screen
Increases the Level of Jade Screen by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6
Grandeur be the Seven Stars
When Starshatter is used, Ningguang gains 7 Star Jades.
Every Genshin Impact character has own set of constellations above you can see Ningguang constellations list with descriptions.
Ascension Materials
In addition, there are ascension phases that increase the level cap for your character. After Ningguang reaches the 20th level she can be ascended to the next ascension phase, up to phase 6, which allow getting 90th level.
Character Ascension Materials
Prithiva Topaz:
Prithiva Topaz Sliver
,
Prithiva Topaz Fragment
,
Prithiva Topaz Chunk
,
Prithiva Topaz Gemstone
.
Basalt Pillar
Common Ascension Materials
Recruit’s Insignia
,
Sergeant’s Insignia
,
Lieutenant’s Insignia
.
Local Specialty
Glaze Lily
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
In order to level up ascension phases you’ll need materials. So the list of those required for Ningguang is listed above.
Artem R.
I have been an avid gamer since childhood. My favorite genres are RPGs, Action, and MMOs. Some of my all-time favorite games include the Diablo and Path of Exile ARPG series, the Dark Souls series, and JRPGs like Xenoblade, Atelier, and the Final Fantasy. I am also a big fan of the PSP and PS Vita, and I currently enjoy gaming on my Nintendo Switch.
Post Views:
9,372
Please share it with your friends
Tags:
Genshin Impact
Post navigation
Previous
Top May PC Indie Games List
Next
Genshin Impact Characters List