Genshin Impact: The Best Teams For Ningguang
By
Nahda Nabiilah
Published
Sep 9, 2021, 11:30 AM EDT
Nahda Nabiilah is a writer and editor from Indonesia. She has always loved writing and playing games, so one day she decided to combine the two. Most of the time, writing gaming guides is a blast for her, due to it being two of Nahda's favorite things. She strives to make detailed and easy-to-follow guides.
Sign in to your
GameRant
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Ningguang
Geo
Catalyst
Liyue
Guides
Ascension
Builds
Weapons
Team Comp
Constellation
Player Mistakes
Back to All Characters
Ningguang is one of the best 4-star characters in
Genshin Impact
. This Tianquan of the Liyue Qixing can manipulate Geo, the same element as the Archon of Liyue. Ningguang is a catalyst user that can deal AOE damage on her Normal Attack and high burst damage with her Elemental Burst.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Team Compositions To Pair With Ayaka
Because Ningguang is a Geo character, she's far more flexible when it comes to team composition. She doesn't rely on Elemental Reaction to deal damage and can destroy the enemies raw. Ningguang also works perfectly as the main DPS, sub-DPS, and support. With the right niche equipment, Ningguang can even work as a healer. What team compositions featuring Ningguang should
Genshin Impact
players try?
Geo Resonance
Albedo and Zhongli from their character demos.
As the main DPS, Ningguang can have a massive damage increase if paired with a Geo character.
Geo Resonance grants the party +15%
Damage when protected by a shield
. This is generally better than Pyro Resonance if utilized correctly. Other than that, Geo Resonance also lowers the enemy's Geo Resistance when players deal damage to them.
Zhongli
200k mora chest feature
Geo Resonance requires the character to be protected by a shield, so Zhongli is an obvious choice.
Zhongli currently has the best shield in the game
, where it's both strong and has a 100% uptime.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Side Quests You Missed In The Inazuma 2.0 Update
Zhongli's Elemental Burst will also come in handy
. As Ningguang's Elemental Skill generates a lot of Energy, Zhongli can easily gain the amount he needs. Not only that, but Zhongli can also buff Ningguang's attack if he's using the 4-Tenacity of the Millelith artifact.
Albedo
Genshin Impact Albedo
Albedo may not provide a shield, but he's still a great damage support. If players are playing Ningguang with Albedo, then it's highly recommended to have an aura element in the team.
Aura elements are Hydro, Cryo, Electro, and Pyro
. Having one of these four elements in the team will allow Ningguang and
Albedo to create shields via Crystallize reactions
.
Crowd Control
Venti and Sucrose from their character demos.
After obtaining the first Constellation for Ningguang, her normal attack will deal AOE damage. So having characters that collect the enemies in one spot will increase the effectiveness of Ningguang's attack.
Venti
Venti is undoubtedly the best crowd control character in
Genshin Impact
right now
. He can easily collect and pull enemies into his Elemental Burst. While foes caught in Venti's Burst are usually unreachable by melee characters, this is not an issue for Ningguang since she is a catalyst user.
Sucrose
Genshin Impact
Sucrose works as a replacement for Venti. In her first and second Constellations, Sucrose can be a very effective Elemental Burst support. If players pair her with an aura element, Sucrose can also deal decent damage.
Support for Ningguang
Xiangling looking into the sky, while Bennett is probably about to be locked and stuck inside that domain.
Other than Resonance and crowd control, Ningguang can also utilize the extra damage from some characters. These characters are top-tier support for almost every main DPS, and Ningguang is no exception.
Bennett
Bennett can heal and provide attack buffs at the same time
. The attack buff from Bennett's Elemental Burst should never be underestimated, as it can bring a big increase in damage. Other than that,
Bennett can also cleanse Elemental Debuff
.
Xiangling
Xiangling playing with Guoba inside Wangshu Inn Elevator
Xiangling is amazing as an off-field damage support. She can deal damage without having to be active, allowing Ningguang to dominate the field. However, Xiangling has an Energy issue, so players might have to sacrifice some damage for faster Energy regeneration.
If players pair Xiangling and Bennett, they will also create Pyro Resonance, providing a +25% Attack bonus for the team
.
Xingqiu
Xingqui can't stop reading
Just like Xiangling, Xingqiu is also amazing as an off-field support option. His Elemental Burst has a massive multiplier, while his Elemental Skill provides protection and minor healing. Xingqiu also generates a lot of Energy, especially if equipped with a
Sacrificial Sword
.
Jean
Jean with a Favonius Sword.
Jean is viable as a healer for Ningguang. The Acting Grand Master can also be used as a sub-DPS. Jean can deal decent Physical damage while healing the whole team at the same time. Jean also provides cleanse via her Elemental Burst.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Builds For Sayu
Furthermore, if players pair Jean with another Anemo character, they will trigger the Anemo Resonance. This decreases stamina consumptions by 15% and shortens skills cooldown by 5%.
Ningguang as a Sub-DPS
Childe and Ganyu are ready for combat.
Ningguang also excels as a sub-DPS. She can easily cover the main DPS that have downtime, like Hu Tao and Childe. Ningguang is also excellent as an Elemental Burst support, where she can deal a lot of damage in a short amount of time, especially with her low Energy requirement.
Hu Tao
Hu Tao being spooky as always.
Hu Tao is currently one of the best DPS
in
Genshin Impact
alongside Ganyu. However, her massive damage is locked behind her Elemental Skill.
Hu Tao requires 7 seconds to gain her Elemental Skill back
, so she needs other characters to fill this gap.
Childe
Childe Shield
Childe has an even longer downtime than Hu Tao, where his
Elemental Skill cooldown can go up to 36 seconds
. This long cooldown can actually be avoided by proper management, but either way, Childe badly needs another DPS character with him.
Ganyu
thunder sakura guide
Ganyu may not have a restriction like Hu Tao and Childe, but she's far less defensive. She requires protection when charging her attacks, otherwise, she won't be able to shoot her enormous damage. In cases where Ganyu is unable to do this, Ningguang is a perfect replacement.
Strategy Guides
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which recently released Nintendo cozy game do you prefer?
Pokemon Pokopia
Pokemon Pokopia
54.7%
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
45.3%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
World of Warcraft Adds New Way to Get Old Mythic+ Keystone Mounts
8 Prime Video Anime With No Bad Seasons
5 FPS Games Coming To PS5 Very Soon