Ningguang Genshin Impact Build Guide: Talents, Gears, And Team Comps
Muhammad Kumar
-
Apr 13, 2022
|
Mobile Games
Ningguang is one of the best DPS catalyst characters in Genshin Impact. Check this article to find out more about the best Ningguang Genshin Impact build.
Tier List For Best Genshin Impact Shield Characters In 2022
5 Tips For Beginners To Start Genshin Impact In 2022
Tier List For All Cryo Characters Genshin Impact 2022
Ningguang is a Geo Catalyst character in Genshin Impact. Overall, she is a powerful support character with the capability to deal both consistent and burst damage. However, being a Geo character, building Ningguang DPS is a little bit tricky. In this article, Gurugamer.com is going to showcase a complete Ningguang Genshin Impact build guide.
Table of Contents
1. Ningguang Genshin Impact Overview
2. Ningguang Constellations and Talent Priority
3. How to use Ningguang
4. Ningguang Genshin Impact Build
5. Best teams for Ningguang
1. Ningguang Genshin Impact Overview
Ningguang is the Tianquan of the Liyue Qixing and owns the floating Jade Chamber in the skies of Liyue.
Ningguang Genshin Impact Build
Strengths
High Elemental Burst DMG.
Can increase the party's Geo DMG with Jade Screen.
Shield provides protection against ranged attacks.
Useful for long-range fights.
Weaknesses
Slow ATK Speed.
Auto target Normal Attacks are not that good against multiple enemies.
2. Ningguang Constellations and Talent Priority
Constellations
Ningguang is a character that scales extremely well with high constellation levels, making her one of the burstier single target units in the game. Her two power spikes are C2 and C6, with the latter massively increasing Ningguang's DPS potential
Ningguang Constellations
C2: When Jade Screen is shattered, its CD will reset. Can occur every 6s.
C6: When Starshatter is used, Ningguang gains 7 Star Jades.
Talent Priority
Overall, in main DPS builds, maxing Ningguang's attack and burst are more important. Players might want to leave Jade Screen's level at 1 so that Ningguang's C2 has an easier time triggering. Sub DPS builds, on the other hand, focus on maxing Ningguang's skill and burst.
Main DPS: Normal Attack > Starshatter > Jade Screen
Sub DPS: Starshatter > Jade Screen > Normal Attack
Ningguang character demo
3. How to use Ningguang
Normal Attack Twice Before Charged Attack
After unlocking the Backup Plan passive skill, your charged attacks won't cost any Stamina if you have at least 1 Star Jade. Using a charged attack will fire all Star Jades at the enemy as well for increased DMG.
Level 90 Ningguang at maximum power.
To maximize her damage, just hit the enemy twice with normal attacks then follow up with a charged attack.
Use Jade Screen effectively
Jade Screen is a highly useful ability that can be used both offensively and defensively. Players can block off ranged attackers with it and deal with the nearby melee opponents. When timed well, players can even block off some powerful attacks.
Her Jade Screen is a great defensive ability.
Remember to walk through the screen for some extra Geo damage boost.
How to maximize Starshatter damage
Starbreaker can deal massive damage in the right conditions.
Ningguang's burst, Starshatter releases Star Jades that lock on enemies to deal massive GEO DMG. To maximize its damage, place a Jade Screen nearby and walk through it before using Starshatter. Additional Star Jades will be fired when it's used near a Jade Screen.
4. Ningguang Genshin Impact Build
Ningguang build for Main DPS
Memory Of Dust
While Ningguang's attack speed is low, they are powerful and flow well with her skill and burst. In a DPS build, players would focus on increasing her Geo damage.
Recommended weapon: Memory Of Dust
Recommended artifact set: Archaic Petra x2 + Gladiator's Finale x2
Alternatively, players can use the Lost Prayer To The Sacred Winds/ Solar Pearl/ Dodoco Tales.
Ningguang build for sub DPS/support
The Widsith
However, if players want to play Ningguang as sub-DPS or support, they need to stack her up with energy regeneration gear and burst damage gear. In this build, Ningguang would only come out to cast her skill and burst.
Recommended weapon: The Widsith
Recommended artifact sets: Noblesse Oblige x2 + Archaic Petra x2
Alternatively, players can use the Thrilling Tales Of Dragon Slayers or Prototype Amber.
5. Best teams for Ningguang
Overall, building teams around Ningguang is rather easy, as she can do most of the attacking by herself.
Ningguang main DPS team
Ningguang + Fischl + Bennett + Xingqiu
With Ningguang mainly dealing damage via normal and charged attacks, building a team around her is actually rather simple and cheap. Bennett is the main support with damage boost and heal. Both Fischl and Xingqiu serve the sub DPS role, as their capability to deal damage while off-field can amplify Ningguang's DPS potential.
Ningguang has decent synergy with some of the best supports in the game.
Players can substitute either Fischl or Xingqiu with a Pyro and a Geo character in order to unlock Pyro and Geo resonance for Ningguang. Xiangling, Zhongli and Albedo are decent options.
Ningguang sub DPS/support team
Zhongli + Albedo + Ningguang + Gorou
Ningguang can definitely play second fiddle in most team comp, however, teams that focus on Geo benefit her the most. Either Zhongli or Albedo would be the main core of the team, dealing damage with their powerful Geo abilities. Ningguang's only role is to come out once in a while to release her skill and burst.
Ningguang can definitely play a part in a Gorou + Itto pure Geo comp.
Gorou is there to boost the damage of the whole team. Players can replace Zhongli and Albedo with Itto and a support character such as Bennett.
>>> Read more:
Genshin Impact Expedition Guide - Best Characters, Rewards, And More!
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
#Genshin Impact Guide
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025