Home
»
Best Chevreuse Build and Team Guide in Genshin Impact
Best Chevreuse Build and Team Guide in Genshin Impact
Niña Forneloza
28. January 2024
Comments Closed
271 views
0 likes
This Genshin Impact
Chevreuse
build, and team composition guide will help you equip her with the best artifacts, weapons, and teams to play that synergize well with the overload elemental reaction.
Among all elemental reactions,
Genshin Impact
has left Overload behind. As a result, using and synergizing with other overpowered reactions, such as Melt or Vaporize, is essential because the enemies are tankier and beefier now. However, it is only when Chevreuse’s addition to the game that the Overload reaction is revived, along with the characters that play along with it.
That said, Chevreuse can provide a lot of utility and buff to the team, exclusively for Pyro and Electro characters. However, you would still need a good Chevreuse build to unlock her full potential, starting with her artifacts.
Genshin Impact Chevreuse Build – Best Artifacts
As a support character that she is, it is essential to build Genshin Impact Chevreuse artifacts that provide buffs and additional healing. Her elemental skill, Short-Ranged Rapid Interdiction Fire, provides healing, while her passive talent, Vertical Force Coordination, provides the additional ATK that scales with her max HP.
Listed below are the best artifact sets to build your Chevreuse:
4pc of Noblesse Obliged
: This Artifact is by far the best artifact in this Chevreuse build for its additional ATK buff. However, you would need sufficient ER to have a good uptime.
4pc of Exile
: It can provide energy regeneration for your whole team, but because it is only a 4-star artifact, it offers fewer stats, resulting in a low stat ceiling.
4pc of Songs of Days Past
: Although this Artifact set provides additional damage and better healing, its damage cannot outweigh Noblesse Obliged’s ATK buff.
2pc of Tenacity of Millelith/Vourukasha’s Glow
: Farming can be easier because it is only in pairs and allows for better sub-stat flexibility.
For her main stats, these are the stats you should focus on each piece of Chevreuse’s artifacts:
Sands
: HP or Energy Recharge (if you need more energy generation)
Goblet
: HP
Circlet
: HP or Healing Bonus
Below are the sub-stats that you should go for:
Energy Recharge
Base HP
Crit Rate%
(if you use Favonious Lance)
Genshin Impact Chevreuse Build – Best Weapons
Next, in our Chevreuse build guide, we’ll tackle which weapons to equip to support her team efficiently.
If you’re planning to build her with a Noblesse Obliged set, it’s necessary to pair her with weapons that provide energy generation. Additionally, if you’re going to a more healer-inclined build, you need to stack as much HP as possible, so it’s better to build her with an HP sub-stat weapon. However, it is worth noting that her passive talent’s ATK buff caps at 40%, so be wary of Chevreuse’s max HP not going over 40,000.
Here are the best weapons to pair with a support Chevreuse build:
Favonious Lance
: Great for its team-wide energy generation and ER sub-stat.
Rightful Reward
: This craftable Fontaine 4-star polearm is a good alternative for the Favonious Lance, with its HP% sub-stat.
Black Tassel
: Cheap to build but should be paired with an ER% sands piece.
Chevreuse Team Composition Guide
As mentioned earlier, Chevreuse is best paired with an Overload reaction team, mainly because of her one passive talent, Vanguard’s Coordinated Tactics. Basically, this passive ability shreds the Electro and Pyro resistances of the enemies, regardless of who caused that Overload reaction. That said, pairing her with characters that deal Pyro and Electro damage is necessary.
When composing a team for Chevreuse, the following are the patterns to create a fully functional team.
Electro/Pyro Main Damage Dealer
Sub DPS
Flexible Spot
Players must take note of Chevreuse’s passive talent, “
Vanguard’s Coordinated Tactics
“. This talent forces her to pair with Electro and Pyro users, as it shreds enemy resistances of said elements.
One excellent team composition is the Raiden National team with Chevreuse. Not only does Raiden Shogun’s burst deal enormous damage, but it also provides a team-wide damage buff. This damage buff depends on the Energy costs of their Elemental Bursts. Pair her with Xiangling and Bennett, and then you’ll have a fully functional team to clear abyss floors.
That’s the end of our Genshin Impact Chevreuse build and team guide. Now that you know how to build her through our guide, you can conquer formidable foes in the Abyss. You can also check our site for more
reviews
,
news
, and guides for your favorite games.
Written by
Niña Forneloza
Niña is a gaming writer with a love-hate relationship with role-playing games, gacha games, and first-person shooters. In her free time, you'll usually find her either whiffing her shots in Valorant or recovering from a massive tilt!
Have your say!
0
0
Previous Article
Drops Farming BANNED Twitch Decides
Next Article
Is Palworld Worth It? | GAME REVIEW
You May Also Like
EA FC 26 TOTY mistakes explained: Icon compensation and market impact
18. January 2026
Nioh 3 Ryomen Sukuna Guide – Who Is It, Where to Find & How to Defeat
8. February 2026
Fantasy Life i Golden Celestia’s Gift Guide: How to Unlock and Use
10. June 2025
The First Descendant 3 October Update Adds Swords, Modules, and Skins
4. October 2025
Is EA FC 26 Lamine Yamal POTM Worth 400k In Ultimate Team?
9. January 2026
Fortnite Loot Spots: Chapter 6 Hidden landing Spots You Need to Know!
8. December 2024