Home
»
Genshin Impact
»
Guides
»
Genshin Impact Chevreuse Build Guide | Chevreuse Best Weapons, Artifacts and Teams
Genshin Impact Chevreuse Build Guide | Chevreuse Best Weapons, Artifacts and Teams
Learn how to make the best Chevreuse build in Genshin Impact with this easy guide that dives into her best weapons, artifact sets, teams and the different builds you can use for her. Chevreuse is a healer support hybrid focused entirely on buffing the Overload Reaction as well as the Pyro and Electro elements, resulting in a niche but powerful unit.
Jack Carson
2024-01-10
All content for:
Genshin Impact
The second half of Version 4.3 has arrived in
Genshin Impact
, bringing with it a new set of banners and a brand new 4-star in the form of Cheveruse. As the captain of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol, Chevreuse is the third Pyro Polearm to join the game, with her main selling point being her long-ranged musket. Chevreuse continues the trend of
Genshin
supports having a very specific niche, with hers being the ability to buff and improve the Overload Reaction greatly. Alongside buffing Overload, Chevreuse can also shred and lower Pyro and Electro RES, heal her teammates and increase their ATK. Despite being very focused and limited, Cheveruse is an excellent character and one that you can use to drastically improve the lethality and viability of your Electro or Pyro characters.
Here’s how to make the best Chevreuse build in
Genshin Impact.
This guide will include an in-depth look at her kit and how her unique Overload support function works, what kind of weapons and artifacts you should run on Chevreuse as well as what premium or F2P teams she should be used in.
Want more
Genshin Impact
guides and articles? Then you can find more here on KeenGamer:
What Thelxie’s Morse Code Means in
Genshin Impact |
Thelxie’s Fantastic Adventures Translated
Genshin Impact
Furina Build Guide | Furina Best Weapons, Artifacts and Teams
Genshin Impact
Wriothesley Build Guide | Wriothesley Best Weapon, Artifacts and Teams
Genshin Impact
: Ayamiya (Yoimiya + Ayaka) Genius Invokation TCG Deck Guide
Genshin Impact
Spiral Abyss Guide (Version 4.3)
Table of Contents
hide
Genshin Impact Chevreuse Ascension Materials
Normal Attack: Line Bayonet Thrust EX
Elemental Skill: Short-Range Rapid Interdiction Fire
Elemental Burst: Ring of Bursting Grenades
Chevreuse’s Passive Talents in Genshin
Chevreuse’s Talent Priority in Genshin Impact
All Chevreuse Constellations
Genshin Impact Best Chevreuse Weapons
Chevreuse’s Best in Slot Weapon: Staff of Homa
Recommended Replacement Weapons for Chevreuse
Genshin Impact Chevreuse Best Artifact Sets
Chevreuse’s Most Important Main Stat and Substats in Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Best Chevreuse Team Compositions
Premium Chevreuse Overload Team
Premium Chevreuse Electro Shred Team
F2P Chevreuse Team
Genshin Impact Chevreuse Ascension Materials
First, let’s go over all of the Ascension Materials that you’ll need to collect to Ascend Chevreuse and take her to level 90:
Lumidouce Bell
(Fontaine Local Speciality)
Meshing Gear / Mechanical Spur Gear  / Artificed Dynamic Gear
(Enemy Drop Material)
Fontemer Unihorn
(World Boss Material)
Agnidus Agate Sliver / Agnidus Agate Fragment / Agnidus Agate Chunk / Agnidus Agate Gemstones
(Pyro Elemental Gemstones)
420k Mora + 416 Hero’s Wit EXP Books
The first major material Chevreuse needs is Lumidouce Bells, one of Fontaine’s Regional Specialities. With a blue outer shell reminiscent of a bell, these plants can be found in batches north of the Court of Fontaine region. To reach level 90,
Chevreuse will need 168 Lumidouce Bells
so you’ll be spending plenty of time out in the wilds. To make the search a bit easier, either equip Lyney as you roam to see Fontaine Specialities on the mini-map using his Passive Talent or check out the Teyvat Interactive Map for precise Bell locations.
After the Bells are the Gear series of enemy drops. There are three types total – Meshing Gears, Mechanical Spur Gears, and Artificed Dynamic Gears – which will drop from Meka enemies, the roaming robots who wander the wilds of Fontaine. If you want to take Chevreuse to 90,
you need to collect 18 Meshing Gears, 30 Mechanical Spur Gears, and 36 Artificed Dynamic Gears
. Just like with the Bells, you can make the hunt for Meka enemies easier by using the Adventurer’s Handbook.
Captain Taking a Break
When it comes to World Bosses, Chevreuse needs the same material as the Iudex of Fontaine, Neuvillette. That material is the Fontemer Unicorn, a material dropped by the Millennial Pearl Seahorse, a mighty beast who dwells deep below Fontaine’s Liffey Region. Using the power of Electro, it will generate a pearl shield around itself which massively reduces damage. In total, Chevreuse needs
46 Fontemer Unihorns
to reach the maximum level.
Finally, Chevreuse also needs Elemental Gemstones which match the element of her Vison, just like every other character in
Genshin Impact
. Chevreuse is a Pyro character meaning that she needs Agnidus Agate Gems, a red type of gemstone which drops primarily from  Pyro-aligned World Bosses like the Pyro Regisvine. Additional ways to obtain Agate Gems include getting lucky from completing your Daily Commissions or transmuting lower rarity drops at the Alchemy Table.
Chevreuse needs 1 Agate Sliver, 9 Agate Fragments, 9 Agate Chunks and 6 Agate Gemstones.
Captain Chevreuse
Chevreuse Kit Overview
Normal Attack: Line Bayonet Thrust EX
While the main selling point of Chevreuse is her musket, her actual weapon type is a Polearm. As such, her Normal Attack,
Line Bayonet Thrust EX
, is a standard 4-hit Polearm combo ending in a thrust. Similarly, her Charged Attack will consume a certain amount of Stamina to lunge forward similar to other Polearm characters like Xiao or Xiangling.
Overall, Chevreuse’s Normal Attacks are just fine. They’re almost completely separate from the rest of her kit, not interacting or synergising with her various Overload or elemental buffs whatsoever. You’ll mainly be using Chevreuse off-field, only switching to her so she can dump her Skill and Burst and then escape, allowing you to benefit from her various buffs. In a perfect rotation, Chevreuse won’t even get time to use her Normal Attacks so, in short, they’re rather superfluous.
Chevreuse Normal Attacks
Elemental Skill: Short-Range Rapid Interdiction Fire
Speaking of Chevreuse’s musket, her Elemental Skill is where she gets to use it. In
Short-Range Rapid Interdiction Fire
, Chevreuse quickly shoulders her musket and fires, dealing Pyro AoE DMG. For a short duration after Chevreuse fires a shot, she will continuously restore HP to whichever character is on the field, with that healing being based on her Max HP.
Additionally, depending on whether you hold or tap the button, the Skill will function differently. On hold, Chevreuse will enter Aiming Mode, allowing you to lock onto a single target for a precise interdiction shot. If Chevreuse has 1 Overcharged Ball, which she will generate whenever she or a nearby party member triggers an Overload Reaction, she will fire that instead, dealing Pyro DMG in a larger area.
Short-Range Rapid Interdiction Fire
is also how Chevreuse interacts with the Arke Alignment systems. Periodically, after Chevreuse uses her Elemental Skill, a Surging Blade will be called forth which deals Ousia-aligned Pyro DMG.
Chevreuse Skill
Chevreuse’s Elemental Skill is the staple part of her whole kit. Second only to Navia, Chevreuse is one of the only gun-wielding characters in
Genshin
Impact
and her Skill allows you to be a quick sharpshooter who can easily and efficiently apply Pyro onto either single or multiple targets, a massive boon when it comes to triggering her unique suite of passives.
Furthermore,
this Skill is where Chevreuse’s main identity as an Overload support and Pyro or Electro shredder comes into play
. Her Skill is one of the main ways that you’ll apply Pyro directly onto enemies and because Overcharged Balls can only be spawned via Overload Elemental Reactions, it pushes you much more into team compositions focused around that Reaction: fortunately, because of her A2, that won’t be much of an issue and you’ll be rewarded far more if you walk down that path. In short, Chevreuse’s Skill is her main selling point and will be her focus when she is on-field.
Price of Justice
Elemental Burst: Ring of Bursting Grenades
The final part of Chevreuse’s main kit is her Elemental Burst,
Ring of Bursting Grenades.
As the name implies, Chevreuse fires an explosive grenade at any nearby opponents, dealing Pyro AoE DMG on the initial hit. After the projectile lands, it will split into many secondary explosive shells which will detonate after a short interval, dealing additional instances of Pyro AoE DMG.
Compared to Chevreuse’s Skill, her Ultimate is a less focused, if still effective, way of applying Pyro to multiple targets. The bombs function similarly to those found in Kirara’s Ultimate or Klee’s Skill, allowing you to lure opponents into them for additional damage and wide-range Pyro application for Overload. Each of the explosives has a generous amount of blast radius, allowing you to easily catch a lot of enemies, especially if you want to cause a lot of simultaneous Overload triggers
However, in most circumstances, her Skill will still be preferable when it comes to directly setting up a single target for her initial round Electro or Pyro DEF shred, largely because you can exactly determine who will be affected thanks to Aiming Mode. Her Ultimate is good and can hit multiple people at once but it is certainly something you would use to end a Reaction chain, as opposed to her Skill which can be used to easily begin an Overload Reaction. Learning to know where you should use one over the other will be a major part of playing Chevreuse effectively.
Chevreuse Burst
Chevreuse’s Passive Talents in Genshin
Alongside her core three Talents, Chevreuse also has access to three passive Talents which help shape her somewhat niche playstyle as an Electro and Pyro buffer. Firstly,
Double Time Match
is the first passive she has access to immediately at level 1 and it decreases sprint Stamina consumption for the whole team by 20% while Chevreuse is in the team. This works exactly the same as Kazuha’s
Cloud Strider
Passive and it’s a nice buff for both exploration and combat.
Next is Chevreuse’s Character Ascension 2 Talent,
Vanguard’s Coordinated Tactics
, which is her most important Passive ability. This Passive will only trigger when all of the party members are either Electro or Pyro and there is at least one of each element in the party. When the conditions are met, Chevreuse will grant all party members the Coordinated Tactics effect which reduces the Pyro and Electro RES of opponents hit by Overload by 40% for 6s.
This is the essence of Chevreuse’s whole kit, allowing her to serve as a potent defence shredder for Overload teams
, a Reaction typically overshadowed by Melt and Vaporize. While Chevreuse won’t be ushering in a new Overload meta, this Passive will certainly make it a much more viable and effective Reaction to build around.
Lastly,
Vertical Force Coordination
is unlocked once Chevreuse hits Ascension Level 4 and, just like her A2, it buffs Pyro and Electro. After firing an Overcharged Ball from her Elemental Skill, nearby Pyro and Electro characters will have their ATK increased by 1% for every 1,000 Max HP Chevreuse has for 30s, with a maximum of 40% ATK being possible. Overcharged Balls are a byproduct of Overload Reactions and, without this Talent, they were simply a way to get more damage and apply Pyro to a wider area. With this Talent active, however, it lets Chevreuse walk the bath of sub-DPS and support far more efficiently, rewarding you even further by focusing on Overload as a Reaction. Pair this ATK increase with the RES shred of her A2 and Chevreuse is capable of drastically increasing the damage output of most units.
Overall, Chevreuse’s Passive Talents are a vital part of her kit,
transforming her from a decent Pyro sub-DPS into crazy good support for Overload as well as teams focused around Pyro and Electro
. While they do narrow her focus extremely, essentially making her useless in teams not focused on Overload, it allows Chevreuse to serve a very unique niche. If you hone in on the potential inherent in Chevreuse’s kit and what she can do for certain Electro or Pyro DPS like Raiden Shogun, Yoimiya, and Yae Miko, she can become one of the most dependable supports in the game, making Overload an actual viable Reaction comparable to the destructive might of Melt and Vaporize.
Looking Down the Barrel
Chevreuse’s Talent Priority in Genshin Impact
Short-Range Rapid Interdiction Fire
(Elemental Skill)
Ring of Bursting Grenades
(Elemental Burst)
Line Bayonet Thrust EX
(Normal Attack)
First and foremost,
the Talent you should focus most of your resources on is Chevreuse’s Skill
. Not only is it her most unique and distinct ability, putting you behind the sights of her musket to deliver explosive fiery justice, but it’s also the most important part of her kit: from its ability to efficiently apply Pyro to how it benefits directly from Overload with the Overcharged Balls to how it interacts with the ATK buff from her A4, her Skill is the most interconnected bit of her kit by far. Investing in it will increase the Skill’s damage as well as the healing effect, making it the ideal choice for levelling.
Next is her Elemental Burst. While not as universally useful or interconnected as her Skill, it still serves as an important part of her role as a sub-DPS support. The explosives created by her Burst have a wide range and considerable damage but, more importantly, they’re excellent at applying Pyro to either set up or trigger Overload, activating Chevreuse’s A2. Compared to her Skill, the Energy cost and lack of direct synergy with her other abilities put it in second place but definitely don’t forget to level up this ability.
Last, and certainly least, Chevreuse’s Normal Attack should be the lowest priority ability when levelling her Talents. Her main role is as an off-field support who comes on-field to dump her abilities and then get out as soon as possible, not as a Normal Attack DPS. While her NAs do have some pretty fun animations that accentuate Chevreuse’s militaristic nature, that’s as far as they go in terms of importance. Do not focus on levelling Chevreuse’s Normal Attack and put all those materials into improving either of her other abilities, instead.
Executor of Justice
All Chevreuse Constellations
Next, let’s go over all six of Chevreuse’s Constellations. When you obtain a duplicate character in
Genshin Impact
, you’ll obtain that character’s Stella Fortuna. You can then use these to unlock various upgrades and bonuses for that character’s kit. As a 4-star character, Chevereuse’s Constellations are considerably easier to earn than those of 5-stars, but if you want the best chance of obtaining Chevreuse Cons to improve her build, make sure to pull on banners where she is one of the featured 4-stars.
Stable Front Line Reserves
: When the active character with the Coordinated Tactics effect (not including Chevreuse herself) triggers the Overloaded reaction, they will recover 6 Energy. This effect can be triggered once every 10s.
Sniper Induced Explosion
: After Holding Short-Range Rapid Interdiction Fire and hitting a target, 2 chain explosions will be triggered near the location where said target is hit. Each explosion deals Pyro DMG equal to 120% of Chevreuse’s ATK. This effect can be triggered up to once every 10s, and DMG dealt this way is considered Elemental Skill DMG.
Practiced Field Stripping Technique
: Elemental Skill Level + 3.
The Secret to Rapid-Fire Multishots
: After using Ring of Bursting Grenades, the Hold mode of Short-Range Rapid Interdiction Fire will not go on cooldown when Chevreuse uses it. This effect is removed after Short-Range Rapid Interdiction Fire has been fired twice using Hold or after 6s.
Enhanced Incendiary Firepower
: Elemental Burst Level +3.
In Pursuit of Ending Evil
: After 12s of the healing effect from Short-Range Rapid Interdiction Fire, all nearby party members recover HP equivalent to 10% of Chevreuse’s Max HP once. Additionally, after a party member is healed by Short-Range Rapid Interdiction Fire, they gain a 20% Pyro DMG Bonus and Electro DMG Bonus for 8s. Max 3 stacks. Each stack’s duration is counted independently.
Chevereuse actually has a rather impressive suite of Constellations which can all radically improve her build and lethality. On the support front,
her C1 is a great way to turn Overload into another source of Energy
, ensuring that your team always have their Bursts, whereas her C6 allows Chevreuse to essentially become a more reliable healer. Then, on the damaging side,
her C2 is a huge damage boost for her Skill
, allowing her to be more potent when she’s on-field.
Chevreuse Constellations
Genshin Impact Best Chevreuse Weapons
Chevreuse’s Best in Slot Weapon: Staff of Homa
As a 4-star character, Chevreuse doesn’t really have a signature weapon like most 5-stars do. However, there certainly are specific 5-star options which work perfectly on her, improving her most vital stats while also adding additional utility to her kit.
For Chevreuse, her best in slot Polearm is going to be the Staff of Homa, Hu Tao’s signature weapon
. This weapon will be available to pull from the weapon banner whenever Hu Tao is one of the featured 5-stars on the Character Event Wish.
The Staff of Homa is actually one of the strongest and most widely used Polearms in the game, being the best in slot of many other 4-stars such as Candace and Yaoyao. At level 90, Homa gives the wielder 608 ATK and 66.15% CRIT DMG as a substat. This is alongside the weapon’s main ability – Reckless Cinnabar – which gives the wielder an additional 20% Max HP on top of the other stat bonus. Additionally, Reckless Cinnabar provides an ATK bonus based on 0.8% of the wielder’s Max HP, which increases to a 1.8% bonus if the user is below 50% HP.
Chevreuse’s Best in Slot
One of the main reasons why Homa is so powerful is that it allows you to weaponize the large HP pools that many Polearm characters, including Chevreuse, usually rely on. With some incredibly high substats, Homa will allow Chevreuse to heal more using her Skill, provide a much bigger ATK bonus using her A4 and, in short, just deal more damage overall with her Skill and Burst. Honestly, there isn’t much else to say beyond the fact that Homa is one of the best weapons in
Genshin Impact
because of how versatile and viable it is on practically every single Polearm character, especially those who can use the large HP stats it gives like Chevreuse.
There’s nothing else which really dramatically improves Chevreuse’s support
and
offence capabilities. Due to this, Staff of Homa easily ascends the ranks to become Chevreuse’s best in slot Polearm in
Genshin Impact
and, if you can pry it from your Hu Tao’s hands (or, alternatively, your Zhongli, Xiao or Candace), then Chevreuse will be extremely happy with the buff.
Staff of Homa
Recommended Replacement Weapons for Chevreuse
However, Staff of Homa is also a very illusive weapon, only being available while Hu Tao is one of the featured 5-stars. As such, many Travelers won’t have access to it and will need to resort to other, likely lower rarity, options when it comes to outfitting Chevreuse. Fortunately, many Polearms are well suited to Chevreuse’s needs and wants, allowing her to perform valiantly in several roles depending on which weapon you choose.
Before going any further, though, we will note that all of the recommendations we’re about to give are 4-star in rarity. While it is true that 5-star Polearms like the Primordial Jade Winged-Spear or Engulfing Lightning would be a good pick for Chevreuse, they’re much harder to come across than 4-star options. With that in mind, if you happen to have any 5-star Polearms, consider trying them out on Chevreuse before committing to a lower rarity option, seeing as 5-star weapons usually have more powerful abilities and high stat packages.
With all that out of the way,
the best 4-star weapons for Chevreuse in
Genshin Impact
are the Dragon’s Bane, the Prospector’s Drill, and Deathmatch
.
Dragon’s Bane
First up on the chopping block is Dragon’s Bane, a Polearm you will acquire from the gacha. At level 90, it will give the wielder 454 ATK, 220 Elemental Mastery and the Bane of Flame and Water effect, which increases DMG against opponents affected by Hydro or Pyro by 20% (up to 36% at Refinement 5). Chevreuse only works at maximum effectiveness in Pyro and Electro teams, guaranteeing that targets will almost always be under the effects of Pyro. This translates to a constant 20% DMG increase at all times, drastically improving Chevreuse’s damage output with her Skill and Burst. Additionally, the bonus EM will improve Overload Reactions which Chevreuse causes.
Next up is the Prospector’s Drill, another Polearm which you can only get from Wishing. At level 90, it gives 564 ATK and 27.56% bonus ATK% alongside the Mason’s Ditty affix. Whenever the wielder is healed or heals others, they gain a Unity’s Symbol that lasts up to 30 seconds. You can have up to 3 Symbols at once and they will be consumed whenever you cast an Elemental Skill or Burst to grant the Struggle effect for 10s. For each Symbol consumed, the user gains 3% ATK and 7% All Elemental DMG Bonus. Chevreuse’s Skill will heal on hit, even if she switches to being off-field afterwards, so this weapon is a way to weaponize her healing.
Lastly, Deathmatch is one of the two Polearms you can pick up once you hit level 30 on the Battle Pass. At level 90, it gives 454 ATK and 36.7% CRIT Rate as well as the Gladiator affix. If there are more than 2 enemies nearby, ATK and DEF are both increased by 16%: consequently, if there are fewer than 2 enemies nearby, ATK will be increased by 24%, instead. Thanks to Chevreuse’s long-ranged playstyle with her Skill, you can stay back and enjoy the full benefits of the 24% ATK bonus or push further in and enjoy a slightly small ATK boost but increased survivability, both of which are vital.
The Deathmatch
Genshin Impact Chevreuse Best Artifact Sets
Artifact choice and selection are the most important part of building a character in
Genshin Impact
and Chevreuse is no different. For a niche support unit, Chevreuse actually has a lot of viable builds depending on which path you want to go with her. There are two main routes to go down when it comes to your Chevreuse build, one for if you want her to be primarily a healer and one if you want her to lean more into her role as an Overload support, with healing on the side
If you focus on the former, her Skill will be the main way you get heals, with her support capabilities falling a bit by the waist side.
For a healer Cheveruse build, you’ll want to run 2-pieces of any of the Healing Bonus sets (Maiden Beloved, Ocean-Hued Clam or Song of Days Past) alongside 2-piece Tenacity of the Millelith
. This will give Chevreuse +15% Healing Bonus as well as +20% Max HP.
While Chevreuse can work as a healer ordinarily, she can only do so using her Skill, making it somewhat unreliable. By boosting both her Healing Bonus and Max HP, you can make that healing more reliable and more effective, turning Chevreuse into a very viable healing. Additionally, by boosting HP, you will still be able to boost and benefit from her Character Ascension 4 Talent, which boosts party ATK based on Chevreuse’s Max HP. In this build, a lot more focus is placed on her healing abilities but she can still work as a decent support.
Hybrid Healer Chevreuse Set
Meanwhile,
if you want to focus more on Chevreuse’s potential as a sub-DPS support, try out 4-piece Noblesse Oblige
. With all four pieces equipped, Chevreuse will gain +20% DMG to her Elemental Burst as well as granting a +20% ATK boost to all party members for 12s upon casting said Burst. This build is a lot more about using Chevreuse to buff the team and trigger or set up Overload for her team members.
Instead of directly increasing the potential of the already existing aspects of her kit, this artifact set gives her another way that she can help out the team. While it is still true that her Skill is the most important part of her kit, it gives Chevreuse another way to raise ATK outside of using Overcharged Balls, drastically improving the damage output of her main damage dealers. Additionally, the extra 20% Burst DMG will come in handy for dealing DMG off-field, even if Chevreuse’s role is as a support healer.
Full Noblesse Oblige
Chevreuse’s Most Important Main Stat and Substats in Genshin Impact
Alongside the artifact sets themselves, the stats, both main and sub, are of vital importance when crafting your Chevreuse build in
Genshin Impact
. For a character with multiple roles and who needs multiple different stats to work effectively in those roles, getting Chevreuse’s stats correct is extremely key.
Before we go any further, we’ll reiterate that Chevreuse has two main builds  – a primary healer support or an Overload DPS support – with the stats you should focus on changing between builds. If you’re running healer Chevreuse, focus mainly on HP main stat pieces as more HP will translate to higher healing. For damage support Chevreuse, divide your attention between HP and ATK main stats to ensure that you have enough of both to deal good damage and provide a lot of buffs to the team.
Hourglass (Sands):
ATK% / HP%
Goblet:
Pyro DMG Bonus
Circlet:
ATK% / HP%
As for Chevreuse’s substats, you should try and follow the path paved by your main stats. Alternatively, you could use your substats to make up for the shortcomings left by your main artifacts (such as looking for EM or ATK stats on your artifacts with main HP). Either way, here are the best substats to look for on Chevreuse’s artifacts in
Genshin Impact
.
ATK%
HP%
Elemental Mastery
CRIT DMG / CRIT Rate
Always More Work to Do
Genshin Impact Best Chevreuse Team Compositions
Premium Chevreuse Overload Team
Because of how her Passive Talents work, Chevreuse can only work effectively in teams almost completely comprised of either Electro or Pyro characters. In that vein, there are two main paths to go down with team compositions for Cheveruse in
Genshin Impact
. In the first, your main focus at all times is going to be to cause as many Overload Reactions as possible, taking advantage of Chevreuse’s many Overload and elemental buffs to improve the damage of that Reaction.
If that sounds like a playstyle and team you want to commit to,
the best premium Overload team for Chevereuse in
Genshin Impact
includes the likes of Raiden Shogun, Yoimiya and Bennett
.
Aside from Chevreuse, Raiden Shogun is the star of both our premium teams, mainly because she is excellent as either a main DPS or a sub-DPS. With her Skill, Shogun can aid other on-field damage dealers by instantly applying Electro to any form of damage, almost always causing a Reaction right away. For characters like Yoimiya (our main DPS in this team), that means instant Overloads everywhere, allowing you to benefit greatly from Cheveruse’s suite of abilities. Additionally, Shogun’s Energy Recharge and Energy generation abilities are off the chart, allowing your entire team to always have their Burst ready and waiting: for a support Chevreuse, this means always being able to trigger Overload and give your team a potent ATK buff. Shogun remains one of
Genshin’s
best characters and Chevreuse showcases her strengths perfectly.
Yoimiya, the Brightest Spark in Inazuma
After Shogun is Yoimiya. She’ll be serving as our team’s main damage dealer, using her Skill to infuse her Normal Attacks with Pyro which,
when combined with Shogun’s Skill, will cause a chain of Overload Reactions on whoever she damage
s. Because of Yoimiya’s playstyle, you’ll also get to stay far away from the action and attack from afar, ensuring that you won’t be taking too much damage from enemies. Pair this with Chevreuse’s ability to buff ATK, Overload and lower Pyro and Electro RES, and Yoimiya will be tearing through enemies like a hot knife through butter. Also, as a second Pyro character, Yoimiya and Chevreuse will allow you to benefit from the Electro Resonance buff, boosting your entire team’s ATK by 20%.
Finally, if you’re looking for a bit more survivability alongside some potent ATK buffs for Yoimiya, go with Bennett. A staple of many team compositions in
Genshin Impact
, Bennett’s Burst will keep you topped up to 70% HP and provide your on-field character with a mighty ATK buff, greatly benefitting Yoimiya, in particular. There isn’t much to say about him that hasn’t already been said a hundred times: there’s a reason why Bennet has remained a key part of so many team compositions for so long, he’s simply that good.
Premium Chevreuse Overload Team
Premium Chevreuse Electro Shred Team
Aside from Overload, Chevreuse also works well as a way to improve the damage of Electro or Pyro characters at base. Overload Reactions are going to trigger no matter when Chevreuse is in a team but, instead of being the focus, they work more similarly to Super-Conduct, priming targets for big damage. In the example team composition below, we’re going to be focusing on the Electro RES reduction Chevreuse can provide, increasing the damage of our Electro DPS to new heights thanks to Chevreuse’s many bonuses.
If you want to put Chevreuse in a team built around Electro shred,
run her alongside Shogun (or any other main Electro DPS unit), Kujou Sara and Bennett
.
Shogun is, once again, a vital member of this team but as a main DPS instead of a sub-DPS. In this role, you’ll mainly be switching to Shogun to use her Burst, taking advantage of Chevreuse’s Electro RES lowering to shred through enemies’ defences with some ultra-powerful attacks. Her Skill will still come in incredibly handy to trigger Overload Reactions on Chevreuse’s end, allowing her to easily spawn Overcharged Balls. Additionally, in this composition, multiple Electro characters mean higher Energy Recharge thanks to the Electro Resonance buff, making sure that your whole team has always got their Burst active.
The Almighty Raiden Shogun
However, if you’re lacking the Raiden Shogun, most other Electro DPS work, as well. Yae Miko is a great off-field option that can constantly rain down lightning on your foes, benefiting greatly from the Electro RES reduction no matter what stage of the battle you’re at. On the other hand, 4-stars like Beidou also work great here, allowing you to play a more risky, but very satisfying, parry-based system which can also take advantage of the Electro RES. In short, any main Electro DPS who can constantly deal Electro DMG will feel very at home in this composition.
Sitting alongside Chevreuse in the support slot on this team is Kujou Sara, one of Shogun’s best and most dedicated support units. With her Skill and Charged Attack, Kujou Sara can provide Shogun (or any of her other allies) a huge ATK buff. As for her Burst, it gives the same big ATK buff and can be used to easily extend that buff with a single, big hit of damage. Also, as we mentioned earlier, Kujou Sara is an Electro character, allowing your team to have higher Energy Recharge values, improving Shogun’s damage directly thanks to her Character Ascension Passive.
Premium Chevreuse Electro Shred Team
F2P Chevreuse Team
If you only have F2P characters to work with, making a team for Chevreuse is slightly more difficult on account of there being a rather limited number of free Pyro or Electro units. That being said, the units we can use are all rather excellent and you can definitely make a really strong Overload focused team using the F2P units provided.
For the best F2P Chevreuse team in
Genshin Impact
, run Chevreuse alongside Xiangling, Fischl and Beidou/Lisa.
Similar to the premium Electro shred team, the main DPS of this composition is going to be an Electro DPS. For F2P players, there are three main candidates: Razor, Lisa and Beidou. Despite being Electro, Razor is more of a Physical DPS, ruling him out of this Overload-heavy team, leaving just Lisa and Beidou. We’ve already spoken about how Beidou’s unique parry-focused playstyle can be extremely satisfying, especially in a team where Electro RES will almost always be lowered, at the cost of slightly higher maintenance. On the other hand, Lisa is extremely easy to earn and, when built correctly, can serve as an excellent main DPS, although learning her rotations can be a bit of a struggle.
Captain Beidou
Next on the F2P team is Xiangling, our Pyro sub-DPS. Between her Skill and Burst, Xiangling is an excellent source of Pyro DMG. In particular, her Burst will surrounded you in a ring of fire, dealing constant Pyro DMG to any enemies nearby. Paired with the Electro from your main DPS or Fischl, you’ll be a walking Overload Reaction which destroys everything in your path.
Last, but certainly not least, is Fischl. She’s going to be another off-field DPS and support, mainly through her summon, Oz. By using her Skill, Fischl will spawn Oz, who will continue to attack opponents with Electro DMG, even if Fischl is off the field. When used alongside Chevreuse, Xiangling or your Electro DPS, Fischl can ensure that you get off tons of Reactions and generate a bunch of particles for easy Energy Regeneration. Additionally, remember that you can use Fischl’s Burst to extend the duration of Oz and deal an instant trigger of Electro to any nearby opponents, giving you an easy way to cause Overload.
F2P Chevreuse Team
That was how to make the best Chevreuse build in
Genshin Impact
.
Best Guides for Genshin Impact
Mavuika Build Guide | Mavuika Best Weapons, Artifacts, Teams
5 Ways to Fix the Genshin Impact “Connection Timed Out” Error on Windows PCs
Yumemizuki Mizuki Drip Marketing Released for Genshin Impact 5.4
Voices We May Not Hear During Lantern Rite
After Over 600 Days, Shenhe is Finally Getting a Rerun in Genshin Impact 5.3
Top 10 Genshin Impact OST That Will Enrich Your Playlist
Lan Yan Drip Marketing Released for Genshin Impact 5.3
Mavuika (Pyro Archon) and Citlali Drip Marketing Released for Genshin Impact 5.3
7 Ways You Can Fix Genshin Impact Not Launching on a Windows PC
Jack Carson
Jack is a UK-based English Creative Writing graduate with a passion for writing about games. He’s been writing creatively for many years and has been doing game journalism professionally for well over a year. The games he primarily writes about include Destiny 2, Genshin Impact, Honkai: Star Rail and Xenoblade Chronicles but he is especially keen on RPGs, looters and action games and specialises in writing guides. KeenGamer is the third publication he has written for.
Leave a Reply
Cancel Reply
Sign in with:
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked
*
Comment *
You may use these
HTML
tags and attributes:
<a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong>
Notify me of followup comments via e-mail.