Genshin Impact: Xingqiu Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
By
Christina Roffe
Published
Jan 30, 2023, 4:16 PM EST
Christina Roffe is a Guides Specialist from the United States. She has experience writing on games ranging from Nintendo titles to PlayStation titles. She is especially knowledgeable in anything Nintendo and Genshin Impact. Building new characters in Genshin Impact is one of her favorite things to do.
Sign in to your
DualShockers
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Xingqiu's Best Builds & Artifact Sets
Xingqiu's Best 5-Star & 4-Star Weapons
Xingqiu's Best Team Compositions
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Though very young, Xingqiu is known by many to be a brilliant student always willing to learn and expand his knowledge. Often times he can be found perusing book booths to add to his growing collection.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Xinyan Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Often lauded as one of the
best Sub-DPS characters
in
Genshin Impact
, Xingqiu is a 4-Star Hydro sword-wielder who can fit perfectly into just about any team.
Xingqiu's Best Builds & Artifact Sets
Xingqiu is almost always
used as a Sub-DPS character in a wide variety of teams.
His talents and ability to spread the Hydro Element even while off-field makes for a fantastic way to deal additional damage on enemies. Most of his damage comes from his
Elemental Skill and Burst,
so choosing artifact sets that focus heavily on
Energy Recharge
will do him a huge favor. Here is the best artifact set for Xingqiu.
4-Set Of Emblem Of Severed Fate
The 2-Set of Emblem of Severed Fate will give Xingqiu a bonus increase of 20 percent to his Energy Recharge. The 4-Set will increase Elemental Burst DMG by 25 percent of Energy Recharge. A maximum of 75 percent bonus DMG can be obtained from this effect. This set is ideal for Xingqiu as his
main focus is his Elemental Burst.
Keeping his Energy Recharge high will
allow it to be constantly available, and the increase to damage will aid the Main DPS in his team significantly.
Here are some of the main stats and substats you should look out for in
each artifact piece
.
Type of Artifact
Main Stat
Substats
Sands of Eon
ATK% or Energy Recharge
Energy Recharge, CRIT DMG, CRIT Rate, ATK%, HP%
Goblet of Eonothem
Hydro DMG Bonus
Energy Recharge, CRIT DMG, CRIT Rate, ATK%, HP%
Circlet of Logos
CRIT DMG or CRIT Rate
Energy Recharge, CRIT DMG, CRIT Rate, ATK%, HP%
As always with Main DPS and Sub-DPS characters, you should make sure to
increase Xingqiu's ATK and CRIT Stats,
so he can deal a decent amount of damage to support his teammates. Increasing his
Energy Recharge
is important as well, since the Emblem of Severed Fate 4-Set will give an amazing bonus to his Elemental Burst based on his max Energy Recharge. Adding in a bit of HP might be useful, as well, since Xingqiu can
provide a small amount of healing from his Elemental Burst based on his max HP.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Bennett Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Xingqiu's Best 5-Star & 4-Star Weapons
Finding a weapon for Xingqiu is relatively easy to do, as he works well with many different stats, including
Energy Recharge, CRIT Stats, and even ATK.
To increase the amount of damage he is dealing even while off-field, here are some of his best weapon options.
5-Star Weapons: Primordial Jade Cutter & Mistsplitter Reforged
Primordial Jade Cutter will provide a base increase of 9.6 percent to Xingqiu's CRIT Rate. Its Bonus Skill will increase HP by 20 percent. It will also provide an ATK Bonus based on 1.2 percent of the wielder's max HP. This weapon is a superb option for those
who built on Xingqiu's HP.
Not only will he now be able to heal his teammates, but he will also
receive an additional ATK bonus from his HP with the Primordial Jade Cutter.
Mistsplitter Reforged will provide a base increase of 9.6 percent to Xingqiu's CRIT DMG. Its Bonus Skill will give him a 12 percent Elemental DMG Bonus for his Elemental Type. At stacks 1, 2, and 3, Elemental DMG will be further increased by 8 percent, 16 percent, and 28 percent. Each stack has an individual duration and are received through Normal Attacks with Elemental DMG for a duration of 5 seconds, casting an Elemental Burst for a duration of 10 seconds, and having less than 100 percent Energy which will disappear at full Energy. This weapon serves as an
all-around attack booster for Xingqiu, increasing his CRIT Stats as well as his Elemental DMG.
4-Star Weapons: Sacrificial Sword & Amenoma Kageuchi
Sacrificial Sword will give Xingqiu a base increase of 13.3 percent to his Energy Recharge. Its Bonus Skill will allow Xingqiu's Elemental Skill to have a 40 percent chance to end its own Cooldown after damaging an opponent with the skill. This can only occur once every 30 seconds. This weapon is one of the best for Xingqiu and is
relatively easy to get as a 4-Star weapon available in Standard Banners.
With this weapon, you won't need to build as much on Xingqiu's Energy Recharge,
allowing you to focus on other stats in his artifact build.
Amenoma Kageuchi will give Xingqiu a base increase of 12 percent to his ATK. Its Bonus Skill will give Xingqiu 1 Succession Seed after casting an Elemental Skill. This effect can be triggered once every 5 seconds, and will last for 30 seconds. Up to 3 Succession Seeds can exist simultaneously. After Xingqiu uses his Elemental Burst, all Succession Seeds will be consumed and after 2 seconds, Xingqiu will regenerate 6 Energy for each seed consumed. Amenoma Kageuchi is an ideal choice
if your Xingqiu build is lacking in ATK stats.
You'll receive a nice energy boost from its Bonus Skill as well,
so you won't have to worry too much about your Energy Recharge.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Yanfei Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Xingqiu's Best Team Compositions
Xingqiu is an essential Sub-DPS character to have on a wide variety of teams, as he can
provide great off-field Hydro DMG which can create Elemental Reactions with your Main DPS of choice.
Here are some of the best teams we recommend for Xingqiu.
5-Star Team
Often Xingqiu is paired with Bennett, but for the sake of having all 5-Star characters for this team,
we have placed Zhongli in the support role instead.
You can choose between either of the two based on what you need more in your team, as
Bennett will provide a decent ATK buff
while
Zhongli will offer strong shields
to protect the team.
Character
Character Type and Benefits
Diluc
Main DPS, Can provide strong Pyro DMG that can fuse with Xingqiu's Hydro DMG from his Elemental Burst to create Vaporize Reaction.
Kazuha
Support, Can provide Crowd Control and increase Elemental DMG with Swirl Reaction and Elemental Burst.
Zhongli
Support, Can provide strong shields to protect the team and petrify enemies with Elemental Burst.
4-Star Team
This team, though consisting of all 4-Star characters, is
suprisingly powerful and consistent.
The
Elemental Reactions created from Pyro and Hydro
will deal a large amount of damage to enemies and the addition of
Heizou as Main DPS
will take all of these elements and
increase its damage through Swirl Reactions.
Character
Character Type and Benefits
Heizou
Main DPS, Can provide consistent damage and damage buffs through Swirl Reactions and a strong Elemental Skill.
Xiangling
Sub-DPS, Can provide consistent Pyro application with Elemental Burst to create Vaporize Reactions with Xingqiu.
Bennett
Support, Can provide consistent healing and a large ATK buff for the team.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: Yun Jin Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Video Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Whose Section Did You Enjoy Playing The Most In Resident Evil Requiem?
Grace
Grace
57.1%
Leon
Leon
42.9%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
7 Little-Known Souslike Games From Famous Developers
10 Games to Play if You Love Mewgenics
Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines 2 DLC Finally Lets You Use A Gun