Genshin Impact: Best Team Compositions For Lisa
By
Nahda Nabiilah
Published
Oct 18, 2022, 7:30 AM EDT
Nahda Nabiilah is a writer and editor from Indonesia. She has always loved writing and playing games, so one day she decided to combine the two. Most of the time, writing gaming guides is a blast for her, due to it being two of Nahda's favorite things. She strives to make detailed and easy-to-follow guides.
Sign in to your
GameRant
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Lisa
Electro
Catalyst
Mondstadt
Guides
Ascension
Builds
Weapons
Team Comp
Constellation
Player Mistakes
Back to All Characters
As one of the first characters players will get in
Genshin Impact
, it's rather easy to forget about Lisa. People most likely use her for a while before she's replaced by fancier units like
Fischl
,
Beidou
, or
Raiden Shogun
. However, despite the popular belief that Lisa of
Genshin Impact
is a "bad" unit, Travelers can actually benefit from her in several ways. For example, through her Ascension Passive which reduces the enemy's DEF. This effect is rather rare, as some 5-star characters (and Razor) only gain this effect through Constellation upgrades.
With the release of Dendro in
Genshin Impact
3.0, Lisa's viability has risen greatly. So for players who are finally willing to give the Librarian another chance, here are some examples of Lisa's best team comp in
Genshin Impact.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best Cyno Team Compositions Guide
5
Lisa + Xingqiu + Kazuha + Fischl
Lisa operates as a main DPS in this team composition. As for Xingqiu and Fischl, they exist to help Lisa by dealing some strong off-field DMG. Kazuha on the other hand doesn’t need an introduction since he is the ultimate Anemo Support.
This Lisa team comp starts with Xingqiu using his Elemental Skill and Burst, applying his Rain Swords. Fischl then follows up by putting Oz on the field. Note that
Fischl’s Oz doesn’t stay on the field
for long periods, instead, players have to keep refreshing its timer by using Fischl's Skills and Bursts. Kazuha Burst and collects the enemies with his Elemental Skill, and finally, Lisa makes her way out to take Kazuha’s buff and start dealing DMG with her Skill, Burst, and Normal attacks.
Team Roles
Lisa:
Main DPS
Xingqiu:
Sub-DPS, Hydro enabler, minor healer
Kazuha:
Support, buffer, debuffer (4pc Viridescent Venerer)
Fischl:
Sub-DPS, Electro-charged trigger
4
Lisa + Beidou + Dendro MC + Venti
In this
Genshin Impact
Lisa team comp, Lisa also operates as a main DPS. Beidou can help Lisa by dealing off-field DMG while Dendro MC is there to enable
Dendro reactions in
Genshin Impact
. Quicken and Aggravate will greatly boost Lisa and Beidou’s DMG, especially with Venti’s Viridescent Venerer, which will shred enemies’ Electro resistance.
RELATED:
Mistakes Players Make When Using Candace
Venti is the joker of this team composition
since he will collect all enemies to make Lisa and Beidou’s life easier. After Venti CC enemies, Lisa’s Normal attack will reach them alongside her Skill and Burst. What’s more important is that Beidou’s Burst, Stormbreaker, will easily bounce among all controlled enemies. Additionally, Lisa and Beidou both have a demanding energy requirement, which can also be solved by Venti’s Burst effect which returns a portion of their energy when it's done.
Team Roles
Lisa:
Main DPS
Beidou:
Sub-DPS, shielder
Dendro MC:
Sub-DPS, Dendro enabler, buffer (4pc Noblesse Oblige)
Venti:
Crowd Control, battery, debuffer (4pc Viridescent Venerer)
3
Lisa + Eula + Zhongli + Fischl
Eula
is known to be one of the
best DPS in
Genshin Impact
. In this team comp, Eula will operate as the main DPS while Zhongli protects and enhances her Physical DMG. As for Fischl, she acts as an off-field DPS and battery through her Oz. Meanwhile, Lisa is best used to maximize Eula’s DMG by giving her easy access to Superconduct reactions, shred enemies’ DEF by 15%, and greatly buff Eula’s ATK% by wielding R5 Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Xinyan Build
Start the combat with Zhongli’s shield then Fischl's Skill. Since Lisa is operating as a full support, it is important not to let her out on the field until she’s fully ready to support Eula. After casting Lisa’s Burst,
switch her only with
Eula
to gain Thrilling Tales’ ATK% buff.
Team Roles
Eula:
Main DPS
Zhongli:
Shielder, debuffer, buffer (4pc Tenacity of the Millelith)
Lisa:
Electro enabler, debuffer, buffer (Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers and 4pc Noblesse Oblige)
Fischl:
Sub-DPS, battery
2
Lisa + Tighnari + Dendro MC + Kuki Shinobu
Tighnari
is an amazing
Sub-DPS in
Genshin Impact
. He can also easily operate as the main DPS since his Elemental Skill and Burst has a low cooldown. To support Tighnari, he needs at least one Electro to handle the Quicken reactions. In this Lisa team comp, both Kuki and Lisa will be the Electro enabler. Additionally, Kuki will also act as a healer.
Starting Dendro MC to provide a field of Dendro application is important to shred enemies’ Dendro resistance. Follow up with Kuki’s Elemental Skill and Burst. Now let Lisa out while equipped with 4-Instructor and R5
Hakushin Ring
or R5
Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers
. Those pieces of equipment allow Lisa to fully raise Tighnari’s DMG, not to mention, her A4 passive effect that reduces enemies' DEF% by 15.
Team Roles
Lisa
:
Support, Electro enabler, debuffer, buffer (4pc Instructor and Hakushin Ring or Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers)
Tighnari:
Sub-DPS
Dendro MC:
Sub-DPS, buffer, debuffer (4pc Deepwood Memories)
Kuki Shinobu:
Healer, Electro enabler, buffer (4pc Tenacity of the Millelith)
1
Lisa + Keqing + Collei + Sucrose
This team composition synergizes so well together since
Collei’s Sprout passive works well
with Keqing melee Electro attacks. Both of them will keep triggering Quicken, Aggravate, and Spread. Lisa can also team up with
Collei
to deal great DMG when both of them activate their Elemental Bursts. Both can set up a small AoE of fast Electro and Dendro DMG while they’re off-field. As for Sucrose, she is the one that enhances all these reactions with her amazing A4 passive that grants the team 20% of her Elemental Mastery, granting them more than 200 after she Swirls.
Of course, Keqing here can be replaced by other characters like Raiden Shogun while Collei can be switched with Dendro MC. Finally, Venti or Kazuha can take Sucrose's place.
Team Roles
Lisa:
Sub-DPS, debuffer, buffer (Hakushin Ring or Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers)
Keqing:
Main DPS
Collei:
Sub-DPS, Dendro enabler, buffer (4pc Noblesse Oblige)
Sucrose:
Support, buffer, debuffer (4pc Viridescent Venerer)
Genshin Impact
is now available on Mobile, PC, PS4, and PS5. A Switch version is in development.
Strategy Guides
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which recently released Nintendo cozy game do you prefer?
Pokemon Pokopia
Pokemon Pokopia
57.3%
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
42.7%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Overwatch Reveals Diablo 4 Crossover Skins
When Does Star Wars: Maul - Shadow Lord Take Place?
This Pokemon Champions Mega Evolution Beats Most of The Meta On Its Own