Genshin Impact
has a huge roster of characters with different roles to fulfill. Each character has a unique purpose and fits in a variety of different teams, with some characters dealing the brunt of your damage while others support them from the backline. As an Electro DMG character, Lisa is here to dish out a shocking amount of damage. Electro, once seen as a weaker element in the game, has been given a second wind thanks to the Dendro element. Together, the two elements synergize perfectly, generating huge damage numbers with the Quicken and Aggravate reactions. Here’s our
Genshin Impact
guide to the best Lisa team comps.
Recommended Videos
Lisa is a 4-star Catalyst character, given for free to all players near the beginning of the game. Unlike most 4-star characters, Lisa is not available on Character Event Wish banners. You can only pull Lisa on the Standard Banner, which actually makes additional copies of Lisa quite difficult to obtain. Still, Lisa is seen as weaker than most 5-star characters, but we can unlock Lisa’s true potential with the best team for her.
Related:
List best weapons and artifacts guide
.
Genshin Impact:
Lisa best team comps
Lisa is an Electro DMG dealer. Thanks to the introduction of Dendro in version 3.0, Lisa’s best teammates are Dendro characters. When you take the Electro element and mix it with the Dendro element, you’ll get the Aggravate reaction. As a result, we’ll pair Lisa with Dendro units to make sure that Lisa deals the most damage possible.
Lisa / Nahida / Traveler / Kuki Shinobu:
Nahida and Traveler work together here to provide tons of Dendro application. Afterward, Lisa can unleash her Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst to deal tons of damage. This is a solid line-up for Lisa, where both her and Nahida will deal significant damage. Kuki Shinobu exists on this team to provide some sustain and additional Electro application.
Lisa / Nahida / Xingqiu / Yelan:
Lisa also works well in Hyperbloom teams. In this team, Hydro will mix with Dendro to create Bloom cores. When you infuse these Bloom cores with the Electro reaction, you get Hyperbloom, which increases the speed and power of the Bloom cores. Lisa’s Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst provide sufficient Electro application to infuse all of the Bloom cores you get from Nahida, Xingqiu, and Yelan. For some survivability, you can consider cutting out Xingqiu or Yelan for Barbara or Sangonomiya Kokomi.
Screenshot by PC Invasion
Genshin Impact
Hoyoverse