Who is Lisa?
How to unlock Lisa in Genshin Impact
Main & Passive Abilities
Constellations
Weapons
Artifacts
Best Builds
FAQs
Who is Lisa?
The Nation of Sumeru recognizes Lisa as their
most accomplished graduate in the past 2 centuries
with
Genshin Impact
. She is a highly knowledgeable mage, currently serving the humble position of
a librarian in Mondstadt with the Knights of Favonius
for unknown reasons.
Lisa is a
4-star Electro Catalyst user
who can provide
powerful Electro support and sub-DPS
capabilities. She is calm, collected, and somewhat lazy, which also shows in her combat style. However, Lisa is also extremely serious about her librarian duties and remains diligent.
While not one of the strongest characters, Lisa has remained
a fan favorite since the start of the game
due to her personality and design.
How To Unlock Lisa in Genshin Impact
Lisa is
one of the first Free-To-Play characters
given to most players at the start of the game. To unlock her, you simply have to complete one of the early story quests,
Sparks Amongst the Pages,
which you unlock when you first visit Mondstadt.
Lisa does not normally appear in the Event Banners, meaning
you must wish on the Standard Banner to get her
. The Standard Banner is always available, but this can be quite difficult due to the large character pool.
Lisa can also be
purchased from the Starglitter Exchange
and has been made available in Paimon’s Bargains 5 times till now.
Lisa Main Abilities
Lightning Touch
Lisa’s Normal attacks have her cast
4 rapid lightning strikes
to enemies dealing Electro damage. She can also
charge this up for a powerful AoE Electro attack
that costs some Stamina. Her plunging attack deals AoE Electro damage to all unfortunate enough to be in her path.
Violet Arc
This is Lisa’s Elemental Skill which has 2 types of usages, tap and hold.
Tapping the skill unleashes a few lightning orbs
that deal AoE Electro damage in a small area. Holding the skill makes Lisa
charge up a lightning storm
in a circular radius around her and deals significant AoE Electro damage. The skill damage increases with the Conductive stacks from her passive.
Lighting Rose
Lisa’s Elemental Burst has her
summon a lightning lantern
that assaults enemies with
powerful Electro strikes
in a circular radius and also launches them backward for the duration of the skill.
Lisa Passive Abilities
Lightning Induced Aftershock
Charged attacks will
apply Conductive stacks
to opponents to increase Lisa’s Elemental Skill damage.
Static Electricity Field
Opponents hit by her Elemental Skill will have their
Defense decreased by 15%
for 10 seconds.
General Pharmaceutics
Crafting potions with Lisa has a
20% chance to return some of the material
used in making the potion.
Lisa Constellations
Infinite Circuit
When you hold Lisa’s Elemental Skill,
every enemy hit will generate 2 Energy
up to a maximum of 10 Energy.
Electromagnetic Field
While holding her Elemental Skill Lisa
gains 25% DEF and gains increased resistance to interruption.
Resonant Thunder
Lisa’s Elemental Burst Level is increased by 3 up to a maximum of 15.
Plasma Eruption
Lisa’s Elemental Burst can now
launch up to 3 lightning bolts
simultaneously
Electrocute
Lisa’s Elemental Skill Level is increased by 3 up to a maximum of 15.
Pulsating Witch
Whenever you swap to Lisa, she will
apply 3 stacks of Conductive
to nearby enemies, and this effect can be used every 5 seconds.
Lisa Genshin Impact: Best Weapons
Kagura’s Verity
This
5-star Catalyst
is the signature weapon for Yae Miko, but it can also be used on many other characters due to how strong it is. The weapon has a powerful Crit DMG sub-stat, but the Elemental Mastery increase from its Weapon Skill is where it really shines.
The weapon
grants 80 Elemental Mastery
and gives you a Kagura Dance stack for casting an Elemental Skill, dealing damage with an Elemental Skill, and having under 100% Energy. Kagura Dance stacks will
increase your Elemental Skill DMG by 12%/24%/40%, respectively
.
Skyward Atlas
The Skyward Atlas is another
5-star option
that is excellent for increasing Lisa’s damage output. Not only does it increase her ATK%, but the Weapon Skill
increases Elemental DMG by 12%
and also
triggers highly damaging projectiles
every 30 seconds.
The Widsith (Free To Play Choice)
This is
one of the best free-to-play options
available for Lisa in the game. It has a rare and powerful Crit DMG bonus which can be devastating when paired with the right Crit Rate artifacts.
The Weapon Skill can either
increase your ATK by 60%
,
Elemental DMG by 48%
, or increase your
Elemental Mastery by 240
; all of which are excellent buffs for Lisa.
Lisa Genshin Impact: Best Artifacts
Emblem of Severed Fate
This is an excellent set for any character looking to increase their Energy Recharge and Elemental Burst damage.
2-Piece Bonus: Gains
20% more Energy Recharge
4-Piece Bonus:  Elemental Burst DMG will be increased by 25% of her Energy Recharge up to a
maximum bonus DMG of 75%
.
Gilded Dreams
The Gilded Dreams set provides Lisa with all the Elemental Mastery she needs for her Electro attacks and Elemental Reactions to pack a punch.
2-Piece Bonus: Increases
Elemental Mastery by 80.
4-Piece Bonus: Every time you trigger an Elemental Reaction, your character
gains 14% Attack
for every character in your party with the same Elemental Type and
gains 50 Elemental Mastery
for every character with a different Elemental Type. This effect can be triggered off-field and triggers every 8 seconds.
Thundering Fury
This set is based around increasing your Electro damage as much as possible and is perfect for a Lisa build focused on causing mayhem with Electro-based Elemental Reactions that use her Skill.
2-Piece Bonus: Increases
Electro DMG by 15%.
4-Piece Bonus:
Increases Elemental Reaction damage
caused by Overloaded, Electro-Charged, and Superconduct reactions by 40% and decreases your Elemental Skill Cooldown by 1s up to every 0.8s.
Lisa Best Teams
Lisa can serve as your main source of Electro application in a variety of different teams. Most teams make use of Lisa as either a
Sub-DPS
or an
Electro Support.
Here are some of the most popular teams with Lisa in them:
Eula
(DPS) –
Raiden
(Sub-DPS) –
Lisa
(Sub-DPS) –
Diona
(Support)
Raiden
(DPS) –
Lisa
(Sub-DPS) –
Kazuha
(Sub-DPS) –
Bennet
(Support)
Eula
(DPS) –
Lisa
(Sub-DPS) –
Chongyun
(Sub-DPS) –
Bennet
(Support)
Lisa Best Builds
Lisa has 2 fairly popular builds as mentioned before one focused on Lisa’s own damage and the other on bolstering your team’s Elemental Reactions.
Electro Damage Sub-DPS
For this build,
the weapon you should use
is The Widsith or Kagura’s Verity as they will greatly boost your Elemental Skill damage.
The
Artifact set that goes best with this build
is the Emblem of Severed Fate or Thundering Fury.
Artifacts Stats
Sands: Energy Recharge or ATK% increase
Goblet: Electro DMG Bonus
Circlet: CRIT Rate/DMG Bonus
Priority Sub-Stats
Elemental Mastery
Energy Recharge
Crit Rate/DMG
ATK%
Electro Reaction Sub-DPS
The Electro reaction build focuses on
maximizing Lisa’s Elemental Mastery
and increasing her Electro Reaction damage potential. With the introduction of Dendro, this build has become more relevant than ever, as Electro reactions are currently some of the strongest in the game.
You should
use the Widsith or Kagura’s Verity
with this build. Any Energy Recharge or Elemental Mastery buffing Catalyst will also serve you well.
The
Gilded Dreams
set will be
the best Artifact set for this build
due to its strong Elemental Mastery buffs.
Artifacts Stats
Sands: Elemental Mastery
Goblet: Electro DMG Bonus or Elemental Mastery
Circlet: CRIT Rate/DMG Bonus or Elemental Mastery
Priority Sub-Stats
Elemental Mastery
Energy Recharge
Crit Rate/DMG
That should be all you need to know about Lisa in Genshin Impact. While not considered powerful or meta-relevant for quite a while, fans have still remained committed to her character, and it has started paying off with the latest updates.
FAQs
What is Lisa’s favorite flower?
Players will be given the option to choose a flower for Lisa during her Story Quest. If you talk to the flower shop owner Flora, she will tell you
Lisa’s favorite flower is the Cecilia
. You can purchase it or pick one from Starsnatch Cliff.
How old is Lisa?
While Lisa’s exact age is unknown, she is
speculated to be between 28 and 32 years old
, according to some in-game dialogue.
How tall is Lisa?
Lisa is one of the taller characters in Genshin Impact and stands at
5’11”
or
180.3cm
.