Lisa Genshin Impact Complete Guide: Character Profile, Gameplay And Best Builds
Muhammad Kumar
-
Sep 14, 2021
|
Mobile Games
While Lisa is considered one of the weakest characters in the game, no one is truly useless. With enough effort, you can bring out her full potential.
Genshin Impact 2.2 Event: Free Xinyan, Labyrinth Warriors Dungeon Exploration, And More!
Celestia Genshin Impact Guide: How To Spot Teyvat's Floating Island
Diona Genshin Impact Complete Guide
Lisa is a 4-star Electro Catalyst user in Genshin Impact. She is one of the starter trio alongside
Amber
and
Kaeya
and is considered the weakest of the three. However, Genshin is not a hard game and you can definitely beat it using Lisa. In this article, we are going to showcase a complete guide for
Lisa Genshin Impact
, including character profile, gameplay and best builds.
Table of Contents
1 - Genshin Impact Lisa Profile
2 - Lisa Genshin Impact Abilities
3 - Lisa Genshin Impact Passives
4 - Lisa Genshin Impact Constellation
5 - Lisa Genshin Impact Gameplay & Best Build
Lisa in Genshin Impact
1 - Genshin Impact Lisa Profile
Lisa is a powerful mage and the Librarian of the Knights of Favonius. She is a magic researcher and takes her librarian job rather seriously. Players can get Lisa for free after completing Genshin's Prologue Act I.
Appearance-wise, Lisa has fair skin, green eyes, and wavy brown hair tied in a loose side ponytail. Her favorite flower is the rose - its motif is present throughout her outfit, Purple Rose. It is described to be "a slim-fit dress adorned with roses that displays a young lady's elegance".
2 - Lisa Genshin Impact Abilities
Lisa is one of the earliest characters created in the game and a "free starter", she is somewhat underpowered. At least her bursts and ability deals damage after switching, so she can serve as a sub-DMG dealer and apply electro-based reactions like Superconduct and Overloaded.
Normal attack: Lightning Touch
Normal Attack: Performs up to 4 Electro attacks, dealing Electro DMG. Unlike other characters with physical weapons, Lisa's normal attack damage is Electro only.
Charged Attack: Consumes some Stamina to cast a high damage Electro attack.
Plunging Attack: Plunges towards the ground from mid-air, damaging all opponents in her path and Deals AoE Electro DMG upon impact.
Violet Arc's Hold mode
Elemental Skill: Violet Arc
Lisa's elemental ability has 2 modes:
Press: Release a homing Electro attack that deals AoE damage and applies a Conductive status stack to opponent hit (Max: 3). If the press ability triggers Superconduct or Overloaded, it will apply 2 stacks of Conductive instead of 1. Each stack lasts for 15 seconds.
Hold: Call down lightning after 2s casting time, dealing high Electro DMG to opponents. Deals extra damage based on the number of Conductive stacks they have. Clear Conductive status.
Elemental Burst: Lightning Rose
Summon a Lightning Rose that continuously deals Electro damage and launches surrounding opponents. It will continuously shock enemies for 15 seconds.
Lightning Rose has a huge AoE
3 - Lisa Genshin Impact Passives
Overall, Lisa's kit revolves around stacking conductive on enemies and use Violet Arc's hold mode to deal damage. Her weakness is that Lightning Rose has no synergy whatsoever with the rest of her kit.
1st Ascension Passive: Induced Aftershock
Hits by Charged Attacks apply Violet Arc's Conductive status to opponents.
4th Ascension Passive: Static Electricity Field
Opponents hit by Lightning Rose have their DEF decreased by 15% for 10s.
Utility Passive: General Pharmaceutics
When Lisa crafts a potion, she has a 20% chance to refund one count of one material out of all the crafting materials used.
Lisa's Violet Arc can deal a lot of DMG if built right.
4 - Lisa Genshin Impact Constellation
Overall, Lisa's role in a team is to use Elemental Burst, enabling your main DPS to easily perform Electro Combos. Her HP and defense are low, which means channeling Violet Arc's hold without support is fairly risky. This is probably why most of her Constellations revolve around Violet Arc's Hold mode.
Infinite Circuit
: Restore 2 Energy (Max: 10) for each opponent hit by Violet Arc's Hold mode.
Electromagnetic Field
: Holding Violet Arc increases Lisa's DEF by 25% and boosts her interruption resistance. This allows her to cast the skill without getting interrupted in the process.
Resonant Thunder
: Increases the Level of Lightning Rose by 3. The maximum upgrade level is 15.
Plasma Eruption
: Increases the number of lightning bolts released by Lightning Rose by 1-3.
Electrocute
: Increases the Level of Violet Arc by 3. The maximum upgrade level is 15.
Pulsating Witch
: Applies 3 stacks of Violet Arc's Conductive status onto nearby opponents upon switching in. This allows Lisa to cast Violet Arc's Hold mode for maximum damage immediately. This effect can only occur every 5 seconds.
Lisa Genshin Impact Constellation
5 - Lisa Genshin Impact Gameplay & Best Build
Overall, there are two builds for Lisa, one focuses on her electro reactions to quickly defeat enemies, while the other is a support build that powers up her burst to allow other characters to deal damage via reactions.
Lisa Reaction DPS
The best weapon for Lisa DPS build is
Lost Prayer to the Sacred Winds.
It increases her Movement SPD and boosts her Elemental DMG by 8% every 4s. Max 4 stacks and lasts until she leaves combat. Solar Pearl or Mappa Mare are good alternatives.
Thundering Fury
4-Piece Set is Lisa optimal artifact set. It boosts the damage of electro reactions by +40% and reduces Elemental Burst cooldown by 1 second every time the user triggers a reaction.
Lost Prayer to the Sacred Winds is a god-tier catalyst.
Lisa Burst Support
The best weapon for Lisa's burst support build is
The Widsith
. It gives her a support buff that massively increases her DMG output for 10 seconds. You can replace it with Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers or Prototype Amber.
Noblesse Oblige
2-Piece and
Thundering Fury
2-Piece Sets are the best artifact sets for this Lisa build. They give her burst more damage.
The Widsith has three random effects.
Lisa best team
While Lisa is one of the best Electro applicators in the game, she is prone to stagger. Lisa's Burst is strong but does not fit her kit and can work against her if you fight in areas with water. Below are the builds around having Lisa as an on-field DPS.
Premium Team: Lisa + Xingqiu + Sucrose + Zhongli
Lisa will be the main DPS, supported by Xingqiu's Hydro reactions.
Xingqiu
allows Lisa to continuously procs Electro-Charged without having to switch characters too many times.
Sucrose
's Elemental Skill can Swirl Electro to increase damage and Elemental Mastery. Her burst can gather enemies, which mitigates the knockback from Lisa's Burst.
Zhongli
is there to shield and prevent Lisa from being staggered. This is vital when fighting in areas with Hydro, as Lisa can get staggered by her own skill.
F2P Team: Lisa + Beidou + Barbara + Anemo Traveler
Lisa would serve as a sub-DPS in this build. It is best to have her start engagements from a distance.
Beidou
is the main DPS who mainly deals damage through Electro-Charged attacks.
Barbara
will be the trigger to Electro-Charged. Just use her skill while engaging, then switch to Beidou to continuously apply Electro and attacking.
The Anemo Traveler can do an acceptable job of grouping up enemies with skill and burst.
Lisa Genshin Impact Trailer
Interested in more of our posts related to Genshin Impact? Please check this article to find out more about
Genshin Impact Fuhua, Yelan & Rumored Characters To Arrive In 2021
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Guide
#Genshin Impact Characters
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025