Lisa Barton | Ponte Vedra Real Estate Broker/Owner
App
Properties
Featured Listings
Homes
Condos
Empty Lots
Sold Properties
Search the MLS
Receive real-time MLS access and more in our secure, private app.
Learn About Our App
Where to Live
Communities
View all Communities
Ponte Vedra Beach
Nocatee
Atlantic Beach
Jacksonville Beach
Neptune Beach
EverRange
Palencia
St. Johns
Jacksonville
Popular Neighborhoods
Marsh Landing
Sawgrass Players Club
The Plantation at Ponte Vedra
Sawgrass Country Club
Sawmill Lakes
Twenty Mile at Nocatee
Plantation Oaks
Coastal Oaks at Nocatee
Odom's Mills
River Landing at Twenty Mile
Atlantic Beach Country Club
Jacksonville Golf & Country Club
Pablo Bay
Queens Harbor Yacht & Country Club
Pablo Creek Reserve
Old Ponte Vedra
Discover Ponte Vedra
Explore the best of life in and around
the Ponte Vedra Beach community
through short videos.
About
Buy
Sell
Blog
Search
Contact
Lisa Barton
Broker/Owner - ePro, CIPS, GRI, SRES
Home
About
Lisa Barton
Ponte Vedra Office
13000 Sawgrass Village Circle
Building 1, Suite 3
Ponte Vedra Beach, FL 32082
Contact
(904) 705-1382
Meet Lisa Barton
Lisa Barton and her team of real estate professionals have been top-producing real estate agents in
Ponte Vedra Beach
for over fifteen years.
Lisa’s lifetime love of Florida is grounded in her childhood as the daughter of a University of Florida professor. She grew up in Gainesville and graduated from the University of Florida (Go Gators!).  She continued her studies and holds her Master’s in School Psychology from George Mason University.
Lisa is passionate about her work in real estate and has a proven track record of providing extraordinary service and outstanding results for the customers she serves. For the last 10 years, she’s been in the top 1% of real estate agents nationwide. She’s also a Quadruple Platinum Award winner with Keller Williams International.
Lisa is highly committed to professionalism and stays on top of trends in the local real estate market, returns inquiries promptly, creates detailed listing presentations, and ensures pricing recommendations are well supported by strong market analyses. She is an excellent listener and truly values her relationships with customers.
Lisa truly loves everything real estate related. She started her team a dozen years ago, and their success continues to grow. The Lisa Barton Team is consistently ranked as one of the
top-producing real estate teams
in Northeast Florida.
Northeast Florida has been home for Lisa and her family for almost 30 years, and she is deeply involved in the Jacksonville and Ponte Vedra community.  Lisa recognizes that people move to Northeast Florida for the natural beauty and lifestyle.
She strongly supports local conservation efforts and is a board member of the
North Florida Land Trust
. Additional philanthropic causes for which she is an active supporter are the
Beaches Emergency Auxiliary Mission
(BEAM),
Wolfson Children’s Hospital
,
The Neurosurgical Outreach Foundation
(NOF),
the Emerald Trail
, and the
American Heart Association
.
Lisa is married, and together, she and her husband, Bill, have six children and six grandchildren. Lisa enjoys life in Ponte Vedra Beach, especially the lovely weather and outdoor lifestyle. She’s an active tennis player, hiker, and boating enthusiast.
Reviews on
Lisa Barton
When it comes to North Florida real estate, there's no team more dedicated, knowledgeable, and compassionate than The Lisa Barton Team. As a former realtor myself, I knew exactly who to call when it was time to sell our house. From the moment we reached out, Lisa and Marsha were not just professional, but also incredibly supportive and understanding of our unique situation. Their expertise is unparalleled. Lisa and Marsha are exceptionally in tune with the market, providing insightful, honest advice that guided us through every step of the process. They were sympathetic to our needs but always direct, ensuring we made informed decisions. Despite ultimately deciding to stay in our beloved home, Lisa and Marsha handled our change of heart with grace and understanding. Their patience and unwavering support during this time only reinforced my trust in them. There's a reason why Lisa's team is the most successful around—they genuinely care about their clients and go above and beyond to ensure the best possible outcomes. Their results speak for themselves. In a world of chaos, it's nice to know there are people you can trust with life's often largest investment. So, when the time comes for us to move again, there’s no question about who we’ll call. Lisa and Marsha are simply the best, and I couldn't recommend them more highly to anyone looking to buy or sell a home. Thank you both for being not just exceptional realtors, but true mentors and friends in this journey.
Ilona Fischer
Lisa and the team were fantastic to work with on selling our home. She was extremely knowledgeable about our neighborhood and provided great advice regarding suggested listing prices relative to other houses that had sold or were for sale in the area. Additionally, she wisely guided us through the sales process, which proved to be a little tricky due to my relocation company dropping the ball on some paperwork. She was a true advocate for us throughout the entire process. Highly recommend Lisa and the team for selling or being home.
William and Kristy Russell
We have bought and sold two homes with Lisa Barton, and we cannot praise her enough. She is extremely professional and is the best at what she does!! The photographers and stagers that she works with as well are top notch! We would never use anyone else and have recommended her to everyone we know! She’s just the best!
Meaghan and Sheldon Randell
Lisa and her team were very knowledgeable about the market and the appropriate pricing. They went through every detail in our first meeting. Their communication could not be better as each member of the team was very responsive. They handled all details, including marketing, staging, and inspection items, flawlessly. If you are considering buying or selling a home, I highly recommend the Lisa Barton Team.
Dave Huffman
Relocating to Ponte Vedra?
If you are new to the area and have questions, please don’t hesitate to get in touch. We would be glad to help.
Contact the Lisa Barton Team
Receive Updates
Want to receive market updates and real estate news catered to the Ponte Vedra Beach area? If so, subscribe to our newsletter.
PS - We don't spam and you can remove yourself at anytime.
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Something went wrong while submitting the form. Please try again.
About Us
Meet the Lisa Barton Team
Featured Homes for Sale
Condos for Sale
Sample of Sold Properties
Vacant Land for Sale
Buying Services
Selling Services
Communities
All Communities
Ponte Vedra Beach
Nocatee
Atlantic Beach
Jacksonville Beach
Neptune Beach
EverRange
Palencia
St. Johns
Jacksonville
Resources
Download Our MLS App
Real Estate Blog
Connect with Us
Lisa Barton Team Ponte Vedra Beach - Keller Williams Realty Atlantic Partners
13000 Sawgrass Village Circle
Building 1, Suite 3
Ponte Vedra Beach, FL 32082
(904) 465-9139
Driving Directions to Office
Get in Touch
Listing courtesy of Keller Williams Realty, Inc.
2025 Northeast Florida Multiple Listing Service, Inc. All rights reserved.
Lisa Barton Team Ponte Vedra Beach - Keller Williams Realty Atlantic Partners
.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Keller Williams Realty is a real estate franchise company. Each Keller Williams office is independently owned and operated. Keller Williams Realty, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and supports the Fair Housing Act. Website designed and developed by
Onboard Creative.