Testimonials
Some of our happy clients
I am beyond thrilled by my experience working with Team Ralon! Lisa is tremendous and has made my life far more productive and simple! She has helped me to focus on the essential few things rather than being bogged down by the trivial many. I am getting far more than I expected, and have become a raving fan and advocate for Team Ralon! I couldn’t recommend working with them more highly.
Jon Smith
Director, ONEU
Lisa is a huge asset to the company! She is productive, effective, and efficient. Her recommendations streamlined our systems and processes and gave me back the time I needed to focus on growing my business. I’d recommend Lisa to anyone who needs to get out from under the day to day work that gets in the way of you doing strategic work you need to do!
Robin Bennett
Business Owner, RobinKBennett.com
Lisa is so easy to work with and a true excel wizard! She listens to your needs and generates time saving results that exceed expectations. She’s at the top of our list to call when we have a project that needs a technology or system solution.
Susan Briggs
Business Owner, Crystal Canine
Our focus
We help you, the small business leader, remove obstacles so you can focus on what only
you
can do.
Analyze
We work with you to discover your pain points and reduce or eliminate them
Streamline
We optimize your workflow to minimize your hassle
Automate
We create systems to put your most repetitive tasks on auto-pilot
"Instead of wondering when your next vacation is, maybe you should set up a life you don't need to escape from." -Seth Godin
What We Do
We are a husband and wife team.
We know project management, software engineering, and IT.
We live to enhance efforts & remove obstacles so you can work
better.
Minimize your hassle.
Our passion is to empower you to work in your strengths.
The things only you can do.
It's time to optimize and delegate processes, freeing you to work
on
your business, not
in
it.
It's time to do what you do best.
So... what can we do for you?
STREAMLINE YOUR WORKFLOW
IMPLEMENT PRODUCTIVITY TOOLS
DOCUMENT PROCESSES FOR DELEGATION
DIGITAL FENG SHUI
Are you ready to move past your obstacles?
Buy now
The Team
Meet the members of Team Ralon. Hover for more info.
Andrew Ralon
Chief of Inspiration
Entrepreneur passionate about enhancing efforts and inspiring personal growth. A big fan of big picture thinking.
Lisa Ralon
Optimizer / Betterer
Business analyst specializing in process improvement and system optimization. Also an Excel ninja.
Macy Ralon
Smile Manufacturer
Freaking adorable. Her cuteness distracts clients during meetings.
PRICING
Choose your service needs
Macy Special
A sure favorite
FREE
1 adorable photo of Macy
Guaranteed smile
Seriously, why not?
YES please
Active Support
A breath of fresh air
$
899
/mo
Access to project management, engineering, & IT experience
continual bettering
10 hours per month
biweekly status updates
phone / email support
Buy Now
Intense Support
DIE HASSLE DIE!
$
1599
/mo
Access to project management, engineering, & IT experience
even more continual bettering
20 hours per month
weekly status updates
video chat / email support
Buy Now
One-stop WordPress
Blogging without the hassle
$
1299
/5 yrs
Ready for your content
Custom domain
Full configuration
5 years of hosting!
Buy Now
Get in touch
Send Message
Working remotely from Central Florida. We serve any location.
contact@teamralon.com
747-47-RALON
747-477-2566
©2015 Team Ralon