The Team Lisa Advantage - Our Team
Call: 1-800-440-LOAN
Home
About Our Team
Refinance
Buy a Home
Testimonials
Contact & Locations
Apply Now
Home
About Our Team
Refinance
Buy a Home
Testimonials
Contact & Locations
Apply Now
Our Team
It’s All About You.
Team Lisa by Mortgage 1 strives for our goal of being the best with high customer-service satisfaction. Whether it’s our clients, partners or employees, we treat everyone like they’re part of our family.
We have many programs that make it easier for almost anyone to receive a loan.
• FHA / FHA 203K Rehab Loan
• Conventional
• VA
• Homepath
• Homepath Renovations
• 0% Down Physician Loans
• 0% Down Rural Development Loans
• 3% Down Conventional Down Payment
• Down Payment Assistance Loans
• Homestyle Conventional Rehab Loans
• Jumbo Loans
• First Time Home Buyer Credit
• Primary, Secondary, & Investment Financing
• Fixed Rate Mortgages
• Adjustable Rate Mortgages
• MCC Tax Credit / MSHDA / MSHDA DPA
• Debt Consolidation
At Team Lisa, great relations are more than a transaction.
We’re loyal, honest, dedicated, hard-working and always keep our word
. Team Lisa values partnerships and in always doing the right thing with integrity and compassion. We believe in giving back to our community, food banks, homeless shelters and those in need. We genuinely care about the community in which we live and serve, which includes your home.
Our team is always accessible to you. Our personal touch makes a difference, as we educate you with a thorough interview process. We also bring that to life in weekly communications so you’re always up to speed to make the best decisions. That includes referring you to our vast network of partners so you benefit in many, big ways. Team Lisa has a wealth of experience and our attention to detail is unmatched.
Plus, Team Lisa is led by Lisa Whitman, the #1 Top Loan Officer at Mortgage 1.
Lisa Whitman
Kathy Shepard
<
>
Lisa Whitman
Branch Manager & Senior Loan Officer
800-440-LOAN
[email protected]
NMLS# 136096
FL NMLS# LO36696
Lisa has been a trusted loan officer for over 20 years.  She will meet with you, go over all your financing options, and help you make the best financial decision that is right for you.  As a licensed loan officer and Branch Manager, she is the driving force behind TeamLisa at Mortgage 1.
<
>
Kathy Shepard
Production Manager
586-884-5752
[email protected]
Kathy is the main contact for your Realtor throughout the process.  As a licensed Realtor herself since 1994, and 10 years of mortgage industry experience, she helps manage your timelines and works along side the processing department to ensure a smooth and timely closing.
What are the advantages of being #1?
• You have clout.
We have clout that gives us full access to our corporate office, and the ability to refer you to our vast network of partners and strong industry relationships. We can leverage the best in all ways, and listing agents prefer us over other lending companies. That equates to better services for you.
• We work hard for You.
We educate and prepare you by offering a quick and easy 1- hour buyer interview for the biggest financial decision you’ll ever make.
• Get in Your home sooner.
We close on time. That will save you time and money plus, we’re accurate and stand by the numbers we give you. Team Lisa by Mortgage 1takes pride in our personal touch that makes a difference because we listen and treat you like family.
Bottom line- Team Lisa by Mortgage 1 is #1 and we treat
you
like #1! That saves you time and money- guaranteed!
More Than Just a Mortgage Company
Great company with an amazing team of mortgage professionals.
Jason B.
Love Team Lisa!  It made buying a new house, and moving.. EASY, during a difficult time.
Karen G.
Lisa is honest and reliable. I recommend her to anyone.
Christie C.
Simple and Efficient!  The best part of the whole process was how simple they made uploading the necessary documents. That’s the worst part of any loan-especially with self employment. There’s so much paperwork! I was able to upload everything in one simple step right from my phone. Not having to fax things in made the whole process so much easier and faster.
from St Clair Shores, MI
Lisa and her team were with me every step of the way. They knew how to get the job done and get all the answers the underwriter needed. She and her team were efficient, knowledgeable and capable. They really knew how to keep me focused on what was important in the process and to drive the process to a perfect closing. I would recommend Lisa to anyone needing a mortgage.
William B.
Professional team that work with you every step of the way!!! We had worked with Lisa on a previous home purchase and quickly realized that she knows her stuff!! We decided to work with them on another home purchase! During the current home purchase, the underwriting was painful, but Lisa and her team got them everything they needed to be able to obtain our loan. We honestly would have never been able to purchase this dream home without their hard work, knowledge and diligence! Thank you!!!
from Houghton Lake, MI
Keep doing what you are doing.. you guys are the best!
David L, Realtor
Great job, team! Great communication with the seller’s agent!
Ray N, Realtor
Handled both my original mortgage and my refinance 2 years later.  Rates were better than the large providers and turnaround is fast.  Lots of communication and the documentation is electronic/online.  Very happy with rate and service.
Anonymous reviewer
Go with!
Team Lisa provided creative cash flow solutions and kept the info flowing and communication open to meet the closing date!  Online systems are quick and easy to use.
Dr. A.
Team Lisa closes on time!
Lisa Whitman is not only an amazing broker, but wonderful person. Lisa and her team helped us buy and sell our first home. Then, she helped us buy our second and “forever” home. And finally, helped us refinance our forever home! Her team have always been responsive & knowledgeable. Working with Lisa & her team made everything run so smoothly & efficiently. Always only a phone call or email away!!! thank you for all of your help Team Lisa….
Lucy G.
I have used Lisa and her team to purchase and refinance several homes. Whether it was an investment property or my own home, the entire team was always professional and paid very close attention to detail and helped us work through any issues as painless as possible. I have recommended, and will continue to recommend, Lisa to friends and family for any of their mortgage needs….
Amanda H.
First to purchase our house, and the second to refinance.
We have worked with Lisa twice now. First to purchase our house, and the second to refinance. Great experience both times. Very easy and honest person to work with!
Rick C.
She leads a very professional team of people who are honest and work diligently too…
Lisa Whitman helped me with my purchase and several refinances over the last eleven years . She leads a very professional team of people who are honest and work diligently to get you into your new home. I have also trusted her with my family members and friends who were also happy with the outcome of her work.
Ernest L C
Exceptional Lender With Exceptional Team
I spoke with a number of mortgage lenders before selecting Team Lisa to assist us with our home loan and this was a great choice. Along the way in today’s lending environment hiccups can happen. Team Lisa worked with our unique situation and was proactive to ensure we stayed on track and kept us in the loop for a timely mortgage closing. I would highly recommend Team Lisa.
Mark & Kathleen
We Really Enjoyed Working With Lisa & Team
Lisa and her team are true professionals. They gave us great info and helped us make educated decisions on our options. They held our hand the entire way and made the process as easy as possible. Lisa went out of her way, above and beyond, to make herself available. She even came to my closing to make sure I didn’t need anything last minute. Hopefully we won’t move again soon, but when I do I’ll be giving Team Lisa a call.
Matt G.
Lisa and her team were extremely helpful throughout the process and made sure that we understood each phase of the process. They provided timely updates and were available for any questions. They kept their word from our original meeting and made the first-time home buying process an enjoyable experience.
Jeffrey & Charlotte
Everyone on Team Lisa is great. I barely even had questions because they were so thorough and helpful from the beginning. They made me feel like I was their only customer and someone was always available to help or check up on me. This was my first time buying a home and they made the experience much easier than I anticipated. I will be recommending them to everyone!
Amanda S.
They kept me informed thru the whole process step by step. I definitely was not the easiest customer to deal with, but they went above and beyond to keep me on track. Thanks again for everything.
Sammye & Nicole
It was a pleasure working with Lisa and her team. As a first time home buyer, they really worked hard to answer all my questions and address my concerns in order to alleviate my anxiety and facilitate the home buying process. They were very professional, prompt, and efficient. As soon as I locked in on a rate, they were very quick to get all the paperwork organized for the closing. I highly recommend Team Lisa.
Munni D.
Everyone was very easy to deal with and helpful when we had questions. Very fast response time to emails, calls, and texts. We will definitely recommend to my friends and family.
Jeremy & Rachel C
Mortgage one Team Lisa has made my fiance’s and my first home purchasing so easy it’s unbelievable! As stressful as it is, they made sure we were taken care of & they put us first. We are very lucky and thankful for them!
Alissa & Nathan
My fiance and I just closed on our first home together and Team Lisa was amazing. They talked us through the entire process, what it would be like, how much it would cost, etc. They explained everything to us multiple times. Their patience and dedication shined through. We received weekly phone updates and any time we had a question, even on the weekends or later hours, they responded promptly. They made the home buying process easy to understand and as least stressful as possible. They even gave us a personalized gift at our closing. They treated us like family and made sure we were always comfortable throughout a very daunting process. I would use them again and recommend them to anybody! Thanks Team Lisa!
Melissa & Sam
Lisa!! You & Your Team Are Amazing!
Tracy L.
I was representing a seller in Canton and Team Lisa was coordinating the financing for the buyer. I was given updates on things each and ever week. It was such a nice surprise to see someone being proactive about communication. The deal closed on time and my sellers were happy. The buyer’s agent was happy and of course the BUYER was happy. I’m looking forward to doing business again in the future.
Brian K, Realtor
Team Lisa with Mortgage One made our first time home buying a smooth, pleasurable experience. The team did an amazing job keeping us updated and we closed on our new home within 30 days. Everyone says buying a home is stressful, but that wasn’t the case for us! Thanks you all again, especially Kathy for all your help.
Jessica E.
Lisa and her team were extremely thorough, so helpful, and I always knew where I was in the process, which can be so stressful. We signed a purchase agreement and closed in 30 days. I highly recommend this highly skilled team of professionals!
Marisa B.
Lisa and her team are outstandin
g!  I have nothing but good things to say. They are very helpful and get everything
done in a timely fashion. If anyone is in the ma
rket to purchase a home, please give Team Lisa a call. They will give you accurate informatio
n, not just tell you what you want to hear and surprise you with additional
charges like some of the other guys do. Thanks again Team Lisa, you guys are great!
Louis A.
We loved working with Team Lisa. So supportive
and walked us through everything..
this was our first time buying a home. We had a complicate
d closing and they were with us every step of the way!!! Would 100% recommend. We even got free pizza on our move in day!
Laura X
”She helped us buy our second and “forever”home.  And  helped us re-finance our forever home! Her team have always been responsive & knowledgeable.”
Ken R
”I have used Lisa and her team to purchase and re-finance several homes. Whether it was an investment property or my own home, the entire team was always professional and paid very close attention to detail and helped us work through any issues as painless as possible.”
Amanda H
”Lisa is wonderful! She’s straight forward and honest but her entire team works with all of your needs and requests. As a first time home buyer, I had a lot.”
Chris B
”Best mortgage company ever!!! Lisa and her crew are top notch!!….Would highly recommend to anyone looking to buy/sell or re-finance a home. They helped make our dream home a reality!”
Kim S.
”
Lisa is one of the most honest and genuine people I have come across. Her knowledge of the mortgage industry surpassed my expectations. She actually cares about her clients and their welfare. She lets the seller/buyer know of all scenarios that will best suit them. I highly recommend her.”
Tim A.
”We have worked with Lisa twice now. First to purchase our house, and the second to re-finance. Great experience both times. Very easy and honest person to work with!”
R.C.
”Lisa Whitman help me with my purchase and several re-finance over the last eleven years . She leads a very professional team of people who are honest and work diligently to get you into your new home. I have also trusted her with my family members and friends.”
Ernest C
Copyright © 2020. Team Lisa – Mortgage 1. All Rights Reserved.