Collei is the first four-star Dendro user to be added to the game, and she wields a bow. Since she was released alongside Tighnari's banner, she is seen as the budget Tighnari who plays a similar role in a team composition. You can also obtain her for free by completing section 4-3 of the Spiral Abyss. Here's a guide on how to build Collei in Genshin Impact.
Recommended Videos
Image via Hoyoverse
Collei's playstyle
Collei is excellent at
dealing consistent Dendro damage to enemies
, especially in close quarters. This playstyle takes some time to become familiar with since most bow users thrive in long-range combat, but Collei's unique abilities still make her an asset to any team. Collei is most effective when
used as a catalyst for
Elemental Reactions
.
Best weapons for Collei
Collei's ideal weapon is the
King's Squire bow
, a
craftable weapon
earned from the completion of Sumeru's World Quests. This weapon
increases Collei's
Elemental Mastery
for 12 seconds but does not carry over to other characters in your party. To get the full potential from this weapon, you should apply an element other than Dendro, switch to Collei, and use her Elemental Skill. Then, keep Collei on the field for a few seconds and use basic attacks to inflict consistent damage.
The five-star weapons
Elegy for the End
or
Polar Star
will suffice if you do not possess the King's Squire bow. If you are looking for a four-star bow that is easily obtainable, then you can use
The Stringless
, which increases her Elemental Burst damage.
Best artifacts for Collei
Collei's ideal artifact set is the
Gilded Dreams collection
, which boosts Elemental Mastery and provides buffs for other characters in your party. This artifact set's buff changes depending on the elements in your team composition. If you have another Dendro user in your party, Collei receives a 14% ATK buff. Alternatively, for each character with a different Elemental Type, Collei receives 50 Elemental Mastery.
If you do not possess the Gilded Dreams set, then the
Deepwood Memories set will suffice
. This set increases Collei's Dendro damage and decreases the target's Dendro RES. This artifact set is more effective when you equip Collei with a Dendro DPS build, rather than Elemental Mastery.
Related
:
Best Cyno builds in Genshin Impact – Weapons, Artifacts, & more!
Collei's skills
Normal Attack: Supplicant's Bowmanship
Normal Attack
Perform up to four consecutive shots with a bow.
Charged Attack
Perform a more precise Aimed Shot with increased DMG. While aiming, Dendro energy will accumulate on the arrowhead. A fully charged arrow will deal Dendro DMG.
Plunging Attack
Fires off a shower of arrows in mid-air before falling and striking the ground, dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Elemental Skill: Floral Brush
Throws out a Floral Ring that deals one instance of Dendro DMG to targets it comes into contact with. The Floral Ring will return after a set time, dealing Dendro DMG once again.
Elemental Burst: Trump-Card Kitty
Throws the doll named Cuilein-Anbar, causing an explosion that deals AoE Dendro DMG, creating a Cuilein-Anbar Zone, dealing AoE Dendro DMG.
Passive Skills
Floral Sidewinder
If one of your party members has triggered Burning, Quicken, Aggravate, Spread, Bloom, Hyperbloom, or Burgeon reactions before the Floral Ring returns, it will grant the character the Sprout effect upon return, which will continuously deal Dendro DMG equivalent to 40% of Collei's ATK to nearby opponents for three seconds. If another Sprout effect is triggered during its initial duration, the initial effect will be removed. DMG dealt by Sprout is considered Elemental Skill DMG.
The Languid Wood
When a character within the Cuilein-Anbar Zone triggers Burning, Quicken, Aggravate, Spread, Bloom, Hyperbloom, or Burgeon reactions, the Zone's duration will be increased by one second. A single Trump-Card Kitty can be extended by up to three seconds.
Gliding Champion of Sumeru
Decreases gliding Stamina consumption for your own party members by 20%.
Not stackable with Passive Talents that provide the exact same effects.
Collei's constellations
Level One: Deepwood Patrol
Collei's Energy Recharge is increased by 20% when in the party and not on the field.
Level Two: Through Hill and Copse
The Passive Talent Floral Sidewinder is changed to this: The Floral Ring will grant the character the Sprout effect from the Floral Sidewinder upon return, dealing 40% of Collei's ATK as Dendro DMG to nearby opponents for three seconds.
From the moment of using Floral Brush to the moment when this instance of Sprout effect ends, if any of your party members triggers Burning, Quicken, Aggravate, Spread, Bloom, Hyperbloom, or Burgeon reactions, the Sprout effect will be extended by three seconds. You can only extend the Sprout effect this way once. The initial effect will be removed if another Sprout effect is triggered during its initial duration. DMG dealt by Sprout is considered Elemental Skill DMG.
This requires you to have unlocked the Floral Sidewinder Passive Talent.
Level Three: Scent of Summer
Increases the Level of Floral Brush by three. The maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level Four: Gift of the Woods
Using Trump-Card Kitty will increase all nearby characters' Elemental Mastery by 60 for 12 seconds (not including Collei herself).
Level Five: All Embers
Increases the level of Trump-Card Kitty by three. The maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level Six: Forest of Falling Arrows
When the Floral Ring hits, it will create a miniature Cuilein-Anbar that will deal 200% of Collei's ATK as Dendro DMG. Each Floral Brush can only create one such miniature Cuilein-Anbar.
Collei Ascension materials
To ascend Collei to level 90, you must use one Nagadus Emerald Sliver, nine Nagadus Emerald Fragments, nine Nagadus Emerald Chunks, and six Nagadus Emerald Gemstones. As for Regional Specialties, Collei requires 168 Rukkhashava Mushrooms. For general level-up materials, Collei needs 18 Firm Arrowheads, 30 Sharp Arrowheads, and 36 Weathered Arrowheads. As for boss drops, she requires 46 Majestic Hooked Beaks from the
Jadeplume Terrorshroom
.
To level up her Talents, she must have
assorted books from the Praxis series
. You can find these materials in the Steeple of Ignorance domain, which is open on Wednesday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Related
:
Where to get Rukkhashava Mushrooms in Genshin Impact
Best teammates for Collei
Collei thrives with other Dendro users in her party, although a full Dendro team is not advisable. Rather, she is most effective when paired with one Dendro user and two characters with different Elemental Types. Collei works well with
Tighnari
, especially if she has the Gilded Dreams artifact set equipped. Collei's desire for Elemental Reactions can be fulfilled by characters like
Beidou
and
Kuki Shinobu
, as well as a Hydro character like
Ayato
or
Kokomi
. This combination of elemental attacks will trigger Hyperbloom, causing massive damage to opponents.
For more Genshin Impact build guides, come check out
Best Candace builds in Genshin Impact – Weapons, Artifacts, & more!
here on Pro Game Guides.
More Posts from PGG