Contents
show
1
Collei Rating and Info
1.1
Stats Lvl 80
2
Best Collei Builds
2.1
Best Collei Weapons
2.2
Best Collei Artifacts
3
Best Collei Team Comps
4
Collei Skills Talents
4.1
Supplicant’s Bowmanship: Normal Attack
4.2
Floral Brush: Elemental Skill
4.3
Trump-Card Kitty: Elemental Burst
5
Collei Passive Talents
5.1
Floral Sidewinder: First Ascension Passive
5.2
The Languid Wood: Fourth Ascension Passive
5.3
Gliding Champion of Sumeru: Passive Talent
6
Collei Constellations
6.1
Level 1: Deepwood Patrol
6.2
Level 2: Through Hill and Copse
6.3
Level 3: Scent of Summer
6.4
Level 4: Gift of the Woods
6.5
Level 5: All Embers
6.6
Level 6: Forest of Falling Arrows
7
Collei Ascension Costs Lvl 90
Collei Rating and Info
Rarity:
★★★★
Specialties:
Sub-DPS
Element:
Dendro
Weapon:
Bow
Release Date:
24 August, 2022
Tier List Rating
: A
Stats Lvl 80
HP: 8674
ATK: 177
DEF: 532
ATK 18%
Best Collei Builds
Collei is one of Sub-DPS characters in Genshin Impact. There are a lot of different builds and roles for Collei, but most players are using Sub-DPS builds. She is a pretty bad character when it comes to performance. When you compare her with any other Sub-DPS character, you will notice that she is not that great. Collei is the A-tier character in Genshin Impact.
Best Collei Weapons
Elegy for the End
A part of the “Millennial Movement” that wanders amidst the winds. Increases Elemental Mastery by 60/75/90/105/120. When the Elemental Skills or Elemental Bursts of the character wielding this weapon hit opponents, that character gains a Sigil of Remembrance. This effect can be triggered once every 0.2s and can be triggered even if said character is not on the field. When you possess 4 Sigils of Remembrance, all of them will be consumed and all nearby party members will obtain the “Millennial Movement: Farewell Song” effect for 12s. “Millennial Movement: Farewell Song” increases Elemental Mastery by 100/125/150/175/200 and increases ATK by 20/25/30/35/40%. Once this effect is triggered, you will not gain Sigils of Remembrance for 20s. Of the many effects of the “Millennial Movement,” buffs of the same type will not stack.
Favonius Warbow
CRIT hits have a 60/70/80/90/100% chance to generate 1 Elemental Orb, which will regenerate 6 Energy for the character. Can only occur once every 12/10.5/9/7.5/6s.
Best Collei Artifacts
Deepwood Memories
(2) Dendro DMG Bonus +15%
(4) After Elemental Skills or Bursts hit opponents, the targets’ Dendro RES will be decreased by 30% for 8s. This effect can be triggered even if the equipping character is not on the field.
Emblem of Severed Fate
(2) Energy Recharge +20%
(4) Increases Elemental Burst DMG by 25% of Energy Recharge. A maximum of 75% bonus DMG can be obtained in this way.
Best Collei Team Comps
Character 1
Character 2
Character 3
Character 4
Kokomi
Collei
Ganyu
Diona
Raiden
Collei
Kuki Shinobu
Sucrose
Collei
Yoimiya
Kokomi
Yun Jin
Collei
Fischl
Lisa
Barbara
There are a lot of team comps that you can make in Genshin Impact with Collei. We recommend team comps that we think are best for Collei. There are a lot of different characters, and there is a high chance that you do not have some of them. So you should create your team comps, test them out, and see what is best for you and your playstyle. With that, you will become better at the game, and you will know how your team works.
Collei Skills Talents
Supplicant’s Bowmanship: Normal Attack
Normal Attack
Performs up to 4 consecutive shots with a bow.
Charged Attack
Performs a more precise Aimed Shot with increased DMG. While aiming, Dendro energy will accumulate on the arrowhead. A fully charged arrow will deal Dendro DMG.
Plunging Attack
Fires off a shower of arrows in mid-air before falling and striking the ground, dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Floral Brush: Elemental Skill
Throws out a Floral Ring that deals 1 instance of Dendro DMG to targets it comes into contact with. The Floral Ring will return after a set time, dealing Dendro DMG once again.
Trump-Card Kitty: Elemental Burst
Trusty Cuilein-Anbar comes to save the day! Throws the doll named Cuilein-Anbar, causing an explosion that deals AoE Dendro DMG, creating a Cuilein-Anbar Zone. Cuilein-Anbar will bounce around within this zone, dealing AoE Dendro DMG.
Collei Passive Talents
Floral Sidewinder: First Ascension Passive
If one of your party members has triggered Burning, Quicken, Aggravate, Spread, Bloom, Hyperbloom, or Burgeon reactions before the Floral Ring returns, it will grant the character the Sprout effect upon return, which will continuously deal Dendro DMG equivalent to 40% of Collei’s ATK to nearby opponents for 3s. If another Sprout effect is triggered during its initial duration, the initial effect will be removed. DMG dealt by Sprout is considered Elemental Skill DMG.
The Languid Wood: Fourth Ascension Passive
When a character within the Cuilein-Anbar Zone triggers Burning, Quicken, Aggravate, Spread, Bloom, Hyperbloom, or Burgeon reactions, the Zone’s duration will be increased by 1s. A single Trump-Card Kitty can be extended by up to 3s.
Gliding Champion of Sumeru: Passive Talent
Decreases gliding Stamina consumption for your own party members by 20%. Not stackable with Passive Talents that provide the exact same effects.
Collei Constellations
Level 1: Deepwood Patrol
When in the party and not on the field, Collei’s Energy Recharge is increased by 20%.
Level 2: Through Hill and Copse
The Passive Talent Floral Sidewinder is changed to this: The Floral Ring will grant the character the Sprout effect from Floral Sidewinder upon return, dealing 40% of Collei’s ATK as Dendro DMG to nearby opponents for 3s. From the moment of using Floral Brush to the moment when this instance of Sprout effect ends, if any of your party members triggers Burning, Quicken, Aggravate, Spread, Bloom, Hyperbloom, or Burgeon reactions, the Sprout effect will be extended by 3s. The Sprout effect can only be extended this way once. If another Sprout effect is triggered during its initial duration, the initial effect will be removed. Requires you to have unlocked the Floral Sidewinder Passive Talent.
Level 3: Scent of Summer
Increases the Level of Floral Brush by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4: Gift of the Woods
Using Trump-Card Kitty will increase all nearby characters’ Elemental Mastery by 60 for 12s (not including Collei herself).
Level 5: All Embers
Increases the Level of Trump-Card Kitty by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6: Forest of Falling Arrows
When the Floral Ring hits, it will create a miniature Cuilein-Anbar that will deal 200% of Collei’s ATK as Dendro DMG. Each Floral Brush can only create one such miniature Cuilein-Anbar.
Collei Ascension Costs Lvl 90
Firm Arrowhead x 18
Sharp Arrowhead x 30
Weathered Arrowhead x 36
Rukkhashava Mushrooms x 168
Majestic Hooked Beak x 46
Nagadus Emerald Sliver x 1
Nagadus Emerald Fragment x 9
Nagadus Emerald Chunk x 9
Nagadus Emerald Gemstone x 6