Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Collei best build, Talent and Ascension materials, team, and weapon
Everything you need to know about Collei in Genshin Impact.
Guide
by
Jessica Orr
Senior Guides Writer
Updated on
Feb. 27, 2023
Follow Genshin Impact
Collei
is a 4-Star Dendro character who was added to
Genshin Impact
during the 3.0 update, and is one of the boosted 4-Star characters in Phase 1 of
version 3.5
.
As a 4-Star, Collei doesn't have her own
Banner
, but is featured with boosted pull odds when she is included in a 5-Star character's Banner.
Whether you have her, or want to prepare for if you do Wish for her successfully, it’s good to know the
best Collei build
in
Genshin Impact
, including her
best Artifacts
and
best team comp
. It's also handy to know what her
Constellation
perks are, and what
Talent materials
and
Ascension materials
are needed to level up Collei to her full potential.
Be sure to check out our
Genshin Impact codes
and
Prime Gaming
pages to get free
Primogems
that can be used towards unlocking Collei and other
characters
.
On this page:
Collei stats and materials
:
Collei Talents, skills, star, element, and weapon
Collei Talent materials
Collei Ascension materials
Collei Constellation
Collei build
:
How to play Collei in Genshin Impact
Best Collei team comp
Best Collei Artifacts
Best Collei weapon
Best Collei build
Collected Miscellany - "Collei: Sunny Green Fields" | Genshin Impact
Watch on YouTube
Genshin Impact Collei Talents, skills, star, element, and weapon
Collei is a
4-Star Dendro archer who is best used in a sub DPS (damage per second) role
due to her ability to cause extended AOE (area of effect) damage when certain elemental reactions are triggered when her Elemental Skill and Burst abilities are used - ideally with another Dendro character to assist with Dendro application.
Here's a summary of  Collei’s abilities and stats in Genshin Impact:
Element
: Dendro.
Rarity
: 4-Star.
Weapon
: Bow.
Banner
: Standard Banner (and Auric Blaze and Twilight Arbiter during version 3.5).
Best build
: Sub DPS.
Normal Attack
: Supplicant's Bowmanship.
Elemental Skill
: Floral Brush.
Elemental Burst
: Trump-Card Kitty.
Passive one
: Floral Sidewinder (When Collei throws a Floral Ring by using her Elemental Skill, if another character triggers Burning, Quicken, Aggravate, Spread, Bloom, Hyperbloom, or Burgeon before the ring returns, it will grant that character the Sprout Elemental Damage effect when it does return, which continuously deals Dendro damage equivalent to 40% of Collei's attack to nearby enemies for three seconds - but if another Sprout effect is triggered during its initial duration, the effect will be removed).
Passive two
: The Languid Wood (After a Cuilein-Anbar Zone is activated by using Collei's Elemental Burst, if a Burning, Quicken, Aggravate, Spread, Bloom, Hyperbloom, or Burgeon reaction is triggered, the Zone's duration will be increased by one second, with a maximum increase of three seconds).
Exploration Passive
: Gliding Champion of Sumeru (Decreases stamina consumption for the party by 20% while gliding, but is not stackable with other passive talents that provide the same effects).
Collei Normal Attack: Supplicant's Bowmanship
Collei can perform a four hit physical damage combo with her bow. If her normal attack is fully charged instead, it will convert into Dendro damage. When using a plunge attack, Collei fires a shower of arrows in the air, before striking the ground and dealing AOE damage.
Collei Elemental Skill: Floral Brush
When activated, Collei throws a spinning Floral Ring, dealing Dendro damage to any enemy it passes through. The Floral Ring will return after a short time, dealing another instance of Dendro if it comes into contact with an enemy.
Collei Elemental Burst: Trump-Card Kitty
Collei throws Cuilein-Anbar onto the field, causing an explosion that deals AOE Dendro damage, and creating a special Cuilein-Anbar Zone, who bounces around in the zone, causing further AOE Dendro damage to nearby enemies.
Collei's Cuilein-Anbar Zone.
Genshin Impact Collei Talent materials
Weathered Arrowhead.
To get the most out of using Collei, you will have to level her skills up by using Talent materials, which vary from character-to-character.
For Collei, you're going to need to farm a lot of Praxis and Arrowhead materials (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade her capabilities.
As Collei has three Talents,
you will have to spend three times the Talent materials listed below to fully upgrade all of her abilities
, which we've also detailed below the table.
Here's what Collei Talent materials and Mora you need to improve one of her abilities:
Collei Talent level
Talent materials
Mora cost
Level 2
x3 Teachings of Praxis, x6 Firm Arrowhead
12,500
Level 3
x2 Guide to Praxis, x3 Sharp Arrowhead
17,500
Level 4
x4 Guide to Praxis, x4 Sharp Arrowhead
25,000
Level 5
x6 Guide to Praxis, x6 Sharp Arrowhead
30,000
Level 6
x9 Guide to Praxis, x9 Sharp Arrowhead
37,500
Level 7
x4 Philosophies of Praxis, x4 Weathered Arrowhead, x1 Tears of the Calamitous God
120,000
Level 8
x6 Philosophies of Praxis, x6 Weathered Arrowhead, x1 Tears of the Calamitous God
260,000
Level 9
x12 Philosophies of Praxis, x9 Weathered Arrowhead, x2 Tears of the Calamitous God
450,000
Level 10
x16 Philosophies of Praxis, x12 Weathered Arrowhead, x2 Tears of the Calamitous God, x1 Crown of Insight
700,000
Here's what Talent Materials you'll need to fully upgrade
one
of Collei's skills:
x1 Crown of Insight
x3 Teachings of Praxis
x6 Firm Arrowhead
x6 Tears of the Calamitous God
x21 Guide to Praxis
x22 Sharp Arrowhead
x31 Weathered Arrowhead
x38 Philosophies of Praxis
1,652,500 Mora
To upgrade all
three
of Collei's skills, here's all the Talent Materials you'll need:
x3 Crown of Insight
x9 Teachings of Praxis
x18 Firm Arrowhead
x18 Tears of the Calamitous God
x63 Guide to Praxis
x66 Sharp Arrowhead
x93 Weathered Arrowhead
x114 Philosophies to Praxis
4,957,500 Mora
Genshin Impact Collei Ascension materials
Rukkhashava Mushrooms.
Just like Talents, you need to use Collei Ascension materials to upgrade her health, attack, defence, and critical hit effectiveness.
For Collei, you're going to need to farm a lot of Rukkhashava Mushrooms and
Majestic Hooked Beak
materials (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade her capabilities.
Unlike Talent materials, you only need to spend the below Ascension materials once to fully raise Collei to her highest character level. There is also Acquaint Fate rewarded for reaching certain Ascension levels. You can spend this Fate on the
standard and beginner Banners
to Wish for characters and weapons.
Here's what Collei Ascension materials and Mora you need to upgrade her for each Ascension level:
Collei Ascension level
Ascension materials
Mora cost
Ascension reward
Level 20
x1 Nagadus Emerald Silver, x3 Rukkhashava Mushrooms, x3 Firm Arrowhead
20,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 40
x3 Nagadus Emerald Fragments, x2 Majestic Hooked Beak, x10 Rukkhashava Mushrooms, x15 Firm Arrowhead
40,000
None
Level 50
x6 Nagadus Emerald Fragments, x4 Majestic Hooked Beak, x20 Rukkhashava Mushrooms, x12 Sharp Arrowhead
60,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 60
x3 Nagadus Emerald Chunk, x8 Majestic Hooked Beak, x30 Rukkhashava Mushrooms, x18 Sharp Arrowhead
80,000
None
Level 70
x6 Nagadus Emerald Chunk, x12 Majestic Hooked Beak, x45 Rukkhashava Mushrooms, x12 Weathered Arrowhead
100,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 80
x6 Nagadus Emerald Gemstone, x20 Majestic Hooked Beak, x60 Rukkhashava Mushrooms, x24 Weathered Arrowhead
120,000
None
In total, here's
all the Ascension Materials
you need for Collei in Genshin Impact:
x1 Nagadus Emerald Silver
x6 Nagadus Emerald Gemstone
x9 Nagadus Emerald Fragment
x9 Nagadus Emerald Chunk
x18 Firm Arrowhead
x30 Sharp Arrowhead
x36 Weathered Arrowhead
x46 Majestic Hooked Beak
x168 Rukkhashava Mushrooms
420,000 Mora
Genshin Impact Collei Constellation
By getting duplicates of Collei from wishing on Banners, you will receive her Stella Fortuna. This material allows you to unlock Constellation levels, with each upgrade either improving an existing Talent or Passive ability.
Collei is a good support character at C0, but
getting her C4 is recommended
if you want to get the absolute most out of her support abilities without getting to C6.
Here are all of Collei's Constellation level upgrades in Genshin Impact:
Deepwood Patrol (C1)
: Collei's Energy Recharge is increased by 20% when she is not active on the field.
Through Hill and Copse (C2)
: The Sprout effective will occur when Collei's Floral Ring returns, dealing 40% of Collei's attack stat as Dendro damage to nearby enemies for three seconds.
Scent of Summer (C3)
: Increases Collei's Elemental Skill, Floral Brush, by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Gift of the Woods (C4)
: Using Collei's Elemental Burst, Trump-Card Kitty, will increase all party members' Elemental Mastery by 60 for 12 seconds, but this doesn't apply to Collei.
All Embers (C5)
: Increases the level of Trump-Card Kitty by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Forest of Falling Arrows (C6)
: When the Floral Ring from Collei's Elemental Skill hits an enemy, it will create a miniature Cuilein-Anbar that will deal 200% of Collei's attack stat as Dendro damage, but each Floral Brush can only create one miniature Cuilein-Anbar.
How to play Collei in Genshin Impact
Playing Collei in a sub DPS role is actually pretty straightforward, as there's no major benefit to activating her Talents in a certain order. That brings us to the main detail you need to know when playing Collei:
your goal is to support your team with Dendro reactions, not to cause damage with Collei's physical attacks
. With even more Dendro characters introduced since her debut, you should also use her as an additional Dendro support if you need it, not as your main Dendro applicator, as others do it far better.
As for her combat playstyle, get close to an enemy (for maximum Dendro application) and activate her Elemental Skill, or Burst, or both consecutively, then switch between your party members to create Quicken or Bloom reactions. If Collei's C1 Constellation is unlocked, then try to avoid switching to her again until her Talents have recharged, as she gains +20% Energy Recharge rate when not on the field with C1.
Remember, it's important to raise her Energy Recharge with a good weapon and Artifact set to get the most out of playing Collei in a sub DPS role. Other than this, she's a very easy character to play, who can slot into many team comps as a good, but not essential, support option.
Best Collei team comp in Genshin Impact
As Collei is an average sub DPS support character, she is best off slotting into effective team comps you already have set up - and doesn't really benefit from building a team around her.
The best team comps for Collei take advantage of her Dendro Elemental abilities to create
Bloom and Quicken reactions for maximum damage potential
. Although not the best Dendro applicator, she can assist in your Hyperbloom and Aggravate teams too as a second Dendro applicator. Basically, this means you should have a team with at least one Electro or Hydro character, but preferably two.
The best Dendro character to use with Collei is
Nahida
, who is the best Dendro sub DPS in the game as of time of writing. Yaoyao is also okay for application and healing, but she's also who we'd recommend over Collei if you have her.
Quicken, Bloom, and their Hyperbloom and Aggravate evolutions work well for a Collei team.
The best damage dealers in a
Quicken
team comp with Collei would be
Raiden Shogun,
Cyno
, or Yae Miko
. They should ideally be paired with an Electro support like
Fischl
or
Kuki Shinobu
to assist with applying Electro damage, providing Energy Particles, or with healing in Kuki's case.
The best damage dealers in a
Bloom
team comp with Collei would be
Ayato, Yelan, or Childe
. They should also ideally be paired with a Hydro support like
Xingqiu
or
Kokomi
(or Yelan if you don't have her as your DPS main) to assist with applying Hydro damage, Energy Particles, or healing in Kokomi's case.
If not being filled by another Dendro character, the fourth slot on you team could be filled by a shielder like
Zhongli
, a Swirl Anemo character like
Kazuha
, or another Hydro/Electro character if you really need that Elemental application.
Best Collei Artifacts in Genshin Impact
Part of the Deepwood Memories set.
To utilise Collei's support capabilities, you should equip the
four-piece Deepwood Memories set
. This increases her Dendro damage with the 2-piece, but it's the 4-piece you want to get, as it shreds Dendro resistance on enemies when a Skill or Burst is used, increasing the DPS of your team if attacking with a Dendro character.
If you already have Deepwood Memories on somebody else, then the
Emblem of Severed Fate 2-piece
can help with Collei's energy needs if your build has them, or the
4-piece Gilded Dreams
can increase Collei's damage if you so happen to be playing her in a DPS role.
The two-piece of Gilded Dreams grants 80 additional Elementary Mastery to Collei herself, but the four-piece will give her a buff based on the Elemental Type of the other party members within eight seconds of an Elemental Reaction triggering.
Her attack will increase by 14% for each Dendro party member, but the main appeal to the Gilded set is that Elemental Mastery is increased by 50 for every team member with a different Elemental Type to Collei. This triggers for each separate team member, can occur once every eight seconds, and applies even if Collei is not active on the field.
Best Collei weapon in Genshin Impact
We think
the best weapon for Collei is the 5-Star Elegy For the End
, which provides a huge amount of Energy Recharge, ensuring Collei can almost continuously use her Elemental Burst and apply Dendro to enemies.
The
5-Star Polar Star
or can also work if you want to up Collei's attack potential, as can the
5-Star Hunter's Path
if you plan on using her normal and charged attacks.
However, these aren't common bows, as you need to Wish for them when featured in the Epitome Invocation Banner. So as a 4-Star option, we recommend equipping the
Favonius Warbow
and refining it to its highest level to take advantage of its Energy Recharge abilities.
The
4-Star End Of The Line bow
can also work for energy needs, or you could use
Alley Hunter
or
The Stringless
to raise Collei's personal attack or Elemental Mastery, respectively, if that's the type of build you're going for.
Version 6.4 Phase 2 sees the returning 5-Star
Skirk
and a rerun of
Escoffier
. 

So don't forget to redeem
new codes
for
Primogems
to help pull them, and check out our regularly updated
tier list
.

You need luck from the
Pity and 50/50 systems
to
Wish with Fate
for characters on
Banners
, and you always need the right
Adventure Rank
for events.

Elsewhere, we have
tips and tricks for beginners
.
Best Collei build in Genshin Impact
With all this in mind, if you want to take advantage of Collei's sub DPS capabilities, we have compiled what we think is currently the best Collei build in Genshin Impact:
Collei Best Weapon
: Elegy For The End.
Collei Best Artifacts
: Four-piece Deepwood Memories set.
Collei Best team comp
: Raiden Shogun, Nahida, Kazuha.
Collei has a fairly easy playstyle and flexible team comps, making her a decent support character who utilises the Dendro element. However she's not the best at Dendro application or attack, so we recommend using her if you lack better Dendro support options, or if you just really like her playstyle.
Good luck levelling up Collei in Genshin Impact!
To see this content please enable targeting cookies.
Manage cookie settings