Genshin Impact Collei Build Guide: Talents, Gears, And Team Comps (2022)
Muhammad Kumar
-
Aug 16, 2022
|
Mobile Games
Collei is going to be the free 4-star Dendro support of the 3.0 patch. Check this article to find out more about the best Genshin Impact Collei build.
Top Must-Know 5 Upcoming Events In Sumeru During Genshin Impact 3.0
Genshin Impact Tighnari Build Guide: Talents, Gears, And Team Comps (2022)
Genshin Impact Sumeru Update Roadmap And Patch Schedule Revealed
Collei is a 4-star Dendro Bow Character in Genshin Impact. She is likely to be a support character who enables the Dendro reactions to other characters while staying off-field. Players are going to get her for free as part of an event in Genshin Impact 3.0.
In this article, Gurugamer.com is going to showcase a complete Genshin Impact Collei build guide.
Table of Contents
1. Collei Skill Set Overview
2. Genshin Impact Collei Build
3. Best Collei Team Comps
1. Collei Skill Set Overview
The skill set of Collei is pretty generic - it is more or less expected from the Dendro starter character. Both her skill and burst deal multiple instances of Dendro damage, which is useful in triggering reactions.
As she is a support/sub DPS, players need to max Collei's skill talent and burst first, leaving his normal attack for last.
Normal Attack
Pretty much identical to other bow characters but with Dendro damage.
Collei's Charged Attack
Elemental Skill: Floral Brush
Throws out a Floral Ring that deals 1 instance of Dendro DMG to opponents along the path. The Floral Ring will return after a set time, dealing Dendro DMG once again. 12 seconds cooldown.
Collei prepares to throw her boomerang.
Elemental Burst: Trump-Card Kitty
Throws the doll named Cuilein-Anbar, causing an explosion that deals AoE Dendro DMG, creating a Cuilein-Anbar Zone. The cat doll will bounce around within this zone, dealing AoE Dendro DMG
6 seconds duration, 15 seconds cooldown, and 60 energy cost.
Collei's Elemental Burst has a decently big AoE.
Passive Talents
Overall, Collei's passives revolve around triggering various Dendro reactions with other characters, which allow her Skill to deal more damage and her Burst to last longer.
Gliding Champion of Sumeru
: Decreases gliding Stamina consumption for your own party members by 20%. Not stackable with Passive Talents that provide the exact same effects.
Floral Sidewinder
: If one of your party members has triggered Burning, Quicken, Aggravate, Spread, Bloom, Hyperbloom, or Burgeon reactions before the Floral Ring returns, it will grant the character the Sprout effect upon return, which will continuously deal Dendro DMG equivalent to 40% of Collei's ATK to nearby opponents for 3s. If another Sprout effect is triggered during its initial duration, the initial effect will be removed. This means this effect does not stack.
The Languid Wood
: When a character within the Cuilein-Anbar Zone triggers Burning, Quicken, Aggravate, Spread, Bloom, Hyperbloom, or Burgeon reactions, the Zone's duration will be increased by 1s. A single Trump-Card Kitty can be extended by up to 3s.
2. Genshin Impact Collei Build
Below are Collei's biggest Strengths:
Can apply Dendro easily with both her Elemental Skill & Elemental Burst
Can easily fit in most team comps since she's easy to use and doesn't conflict with other characters
She scales off her ATK in both her support abilities and her damage, making her easy to build
Best 5-Star weapons for Collei
Elegy For The End
: The best weapon for Support/Sub DPS Collei as she can trigger the skill easily with her Burst while staying off-field.
Best F2p weapon for Collei
The Stringless
: Decent, entirely unconditional option. Use this for a hassle-free experience if nothing else is available.
Favonius Warbow
: Stock support option that gives Collei ER for consistent Burst.
Sacrificial Bow
: Same as favonius
Best artifact sets for Collei
The new Sumeru artifact sets are tailor-made for Collei, who relies on EM to deal Dendro damage. Before this, players can use the Wanderer’s Troupe x4
Best Stats:
ATK%/Dendro DMG/CRIT Rate or CRIT DMG
Two new artifact sets are going to be added in Genshin Impact 3.0
Gilded Dreams
2-Piece: Elemental Mastery +80.
4-Piece: Within 8s of triggering an Elemental Reaction, the character equipping this will obtain buffs based on the Elemental Type of the other party members. ATK is increased by 14% for each party member whose Elemental Type is the same as the equipping character, and Elemental Mastery is increased by 50 for every party member with a different Elemental Type. Each of the aforementioned buffs will count up to 3 characters. This effect can be triggered once every 8s. The character who equips this can still trigger its effects when not on the field.
Deepwood Memories
2-Piece: Dendro DMG Bonus +15%.
4-Piece: After Elemental Skills or Bursts hit opponents, the targets' Dendro RES will be decreased by 30% for 8s. This effect can be triggered even if the equipping character is not on the field.
3.
Best Collei Team Comps
The easiest Collei team comp would have her supporting Tighnari in triggering Catalyze -> Spread (Dendro + Electro + Dendro/Electro) to deal Dendro damage continuously.
Collei Catalyze - Spread team
Tighnari + Fischl/Yae Miko/Kuki Shinobu + Kazuha/Sucrose + Collei
Tighnari will be the main damage dealer who will get a further boost in damage with Spread. An Electro Enabler of your choice would combo with Tighnari and Collei to trigger Catalyze.
Collei will act as the Enabler, allowing continuous proc of Quicken and Spread. She will work well with Fischl who will deal continuous Electro damage.
The last slot can be Kazuha or Sucrose for the extra EM, but players can slot in whichever they need. Zhongli can provide Shield, Bennett can trigger Burning/Overload.
Collei F2P team
Collei + Dendro Traveler + Xingqiu + Fischl/Xiangling
In this team, players focus on triggering the Bloom reaction with the Dendro characters and Xingqiu's Hydro support. Afterwards, players can trigger either Hyperbloom or Burgeon, depending on the support they have on the lineup.
Collei or Dendro Traveler would be the main on-field DPS in this team.
>>> Read more:
Genshin Impact Sumeru Update Roadmap And Patch Schedule Revealed
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
#Genshin Impact Guide
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025