Collei is a playable Dendro character in Genshin Impact. She is one of the most powerful and thus popular characters for playing as Sub DPS. We decided to write this guide to help you learn more about Collei. In our Genshin Impact Collei Build and Best Team Comp post you will learn about Collei’s talents, how they work and how to upgrade them. Also, you will read about her Constellations that will help you make Collei even more powerful. After that, we have written Genshin Impact Collei Build where you’ll see the weapon and artifact set. And at last, we have mentioned the best team comps for Collei as the Sub DPS hero.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
The whole information is presented in tables. You can use the navigation bar above to move quickly to the information block that you are most interested in.
Talents
Constellations
Build
Team
Collei Build
Below you can see the best weapon option for playing Collei in Genshin Impact. Accompanied by the best Collei artifact set and its stat priorities.
Sub DPS Build
If you play this champion as a Sub DPS in your comp you should take the weapon and artifacts from the list below. They are believed to be the most effective ones in almost all situations.
Weapon
Elegy for the End
Weapon Substitutes:
Favonius Warbow
,
The Stringless
.
Artifact Set
Deepwood Memories
(4-Piece)
Artifact Main Stats Priority:
ATK%
Dendro DMG Bonus
CRIT Rate / CRIT DMG
Sub Stats Priority: CRIT Rate / CRIT DMG > Elemental Mastery > ATK%
Talent Priority
Trump-Card Kitty > Floral Brush > Supplicant’s Bowmanship
Best Team Compositions for Collei
When you play Genshin Impact everything depends not only on your main character but also on the composition. You should learn how elements complement each other and build the best team for your main. Below you can see the best team composition for Collei with Main DPS, Sub DPS and Support characters. Also, we have included alternative characters for each role that go well with Collei too.
Collei works well as a Sub-DPS to Elemental Reaction Based teams because of her excellent off-field Dendro Application. You should pair Collei with characters that react with Dendro, like Hydro, Electro or Pyro.
Good characters for this comp:
Tartaglia, Kamisato Ayato, Yelan, Raiden Shogun, Fischl, Xiangling, Kaedehara Kazuha, Sucrose, Zhongli, Kuki Shinobu, Bennett.
If you want to know more about every teammate for Collei you can click on the link below and find them in the list of all Genshin Impact characters that we have described.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
In case you are still not sure what champion you want to pick as main we have
Genshin Impact characters tier list
with explanations on how to build your best team.
Collei Talents
Below you can see the list of talents that Collei uses during the fight. Each of them we have described with the main characteristics.
Supplicant’s Bowmanship
Normal Attack
Normal Attack:
Perform up to 4 consecutive shots with a bow.
Charged Attack:
Performs a more precise Aimed Shot with increased DMG.
While aiming, Dendro energy will accumulate on the arrowhead. A fully charged arrow will deal Dendro DMG.
Plunging Attack:
Fires off a shower of arrows in mid-air before falling and striking the ground, dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Floral Brush
Elemental Skill
Throws out a Floral Ring that deals 1 instance of Dendro DMG to targets it comes into contact with.
The Floral Ring will return after a set time, dealing Dendro DMG once again.
Trump-Card Kitty
Elemental Burst
Trusty Cuilein-Anbar comes to save the day!
Throws the doll named Cuilein-Anbar, causing an explosion that deals AoE Dendro DMG, creating a Cuilein-Anbar Zone. Cuilein-Anbar will bounce around within this zone, dealing AoE Dendro DMG.
Floral Sidewinder
1st Ascension Passive
If one of your party members has triggered Burning, Quicken, Aggravate, Spread, Bloom, Hyperbloom, or Burgeon reactions before the Floral Ring returns, it will grant the character the Sprout effect upon return, which will continuously deal Dendro DMG equivalent to 40% of Collei’s ATK to nearby opponents for 3s.
If another Sprout effect is triggered during its initial duration, the initial effect will be removed. DMG dealt by Sprout is considered Elemental Skill DMG.
The Languid Wood
4th Ascension Passive
When a character within the Cuilein-Anbar Zone triggers Burning, Quicken, Aggravate, Spread, Bloom, Hyperbloom, or Burgeon reactions, the Zone’s duration will be increased by 1s.
A single Trump-Card Kitty can be extended by up to 3s.
Gliding Champion of Sumeru
Utility Passive
Decreases gliding Stamina consumption for your own party members by 20%.
Not stackable with Passive Talents that provide the exact same effects.
Every talent can be upgraded up to level 15. But to do so you will need to gather materials on particular days. The list of the needed materials for leveling Collei’s talents is mentioned in the next block.
Talent Leveling Materials
So here you can see all materials that you will need in order to level up Collei’s talents.
Talent Level-Up Materials
Praxis Books:
Teachings of Praxis
,
Guide to Praxis
,
Philosophies of Praxis
.
Common Ascension Materials
Firm Arrowhead
,
Sharp Arrowhead
,
Weathered Arrowhead
.
Weekly Boss Material
Tears of the Calamitous God
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
Some of them are required at the beginning for low levels and others are more advanced. We just wanted to focus your attention on material types in general.
Collei Constellations
In Genshin Impact characters have a specific upgrade system called constellation. You will need to get a specific item called Stella Fortuna to increase the level of constellation. Each character has their own version of Stella Fortuna, which you get by obtaining a duplicate of the character from Wishes.
Level 1
Deepwood Patrol
When in the party and not on the field, Collei’s Energy Recharge is increased by 20%.
Level 2
Through Hill and Copse
The Passive Talent Floral Sidewinder is changed to this:
The Floral Ring will grant the character the Sprout effect from Floral Sidewinder upon return, dealing 40% of Collei’s ATK as Dendro DMG to nearby opponents for 3s.
From the moment of using Floral Brush to the moment when this instance of Sprout effect ends, if any of your party members triggers Burning, Quicken, Aggravate, Spread, Bloom, Hyperbloom, or Burgeon reactions, the Sprout effect will be extended by 3s.
The Sprout effect can only be extended this way once. If another Sprout effect is triggered during its initial duration, the initial effect will be removed.
Requires you to have unlocked the Floral Sidewinder Passive Talent.
Level 3
Scent of Summer
Increases the Level of Floral Brush by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4
Gift of the Woods
Using Trump-Card Kitty will increase all nearby characters’ Elemental Mastery by 60 for 12s (not including Collei herself).
Level 5
All Embers
Increases the Level of Trump-Card Kitty by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6
Forest of Falling Arrows
When the Floral Ring hits, it will create a miniature Cuilein-Anbar that will deal 200% of Collei’s ATK as Dendro DMG.
Each Floral Brush can only create one such miniature Cuilein-Anbar.
Every Genshin Impact character has own set of constellations above you can see Collei constellations list with descriptions.
Ascension Materials
In addition, there are ascension phases that increase the level cap for your character. After Collei reaches the 20th level she can be ascended to the next ascension phase, up to phase 6, which allow getting 90th level.
Character Ascension Materials
Nagadus Emerald:
Nagadus Emerald Sliver
,
Nagadus Emerald Fragment
,
Nagadus Emerald Chunk
,
Nagadus Emerald Gemstone
.
Majestic Hooked Beak
Common Ascension Materials
Firm Arrowhead
,
Sharp Arrowhead
,
Weathered Arrowhead
.
Local Specialty
Rukkhashava Mushrooms
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
In order to level up ascension phases you’ll need materials. So the list of those required for Collei is listed above.
Artem R.
I have been an avid gamer since childhood. My favorite genres are RPGs, Action, and MMOs. Some of my all-time favorite games include the Diablo and Path of Exile ARPG series, the Dark Souls series, and JRPGs like Xenoblade, Atelier, and the Final Fantasy. I am also a big fan of the PSP and PS Vita, and I currently enjoy gaming on my Nintendo Switch.
Post Views:
5,042
Please share it with your friends
Tags:
Genshin Impact
Post navigation
Previous
Genshin Impact Tighnari Build and Best Team Comp
Next
Genshin Impact Traveler (Dendro) Build and Best Team Comp