So, you want to know the best Heizou team in Genshin Impact? This
new Genshin Impact character
dropped as part of the first phase of
Genshin Impact 2.8
. While we may not know enough for a
definitive
team composition, plenty of details on
Heizou's abilities
were available online via
Honey Hunter World
before release that we can take a good stab at it.
We've already composed the
best Heizou build
in terms of artifacts, but figuring out the
best Genshin Impact Heizou team
is also important. The very best team for this new Anemo Catalyst user makes full use of top tier
Genshin Impact characters
, as well as new faces recently released to the
anime game
. There are also some very solid options for free-to-play players, and we recommend you read on for everything you need to know about putting together an awesome Heizou team.
The best Genshin Impact Heizou team is:
Heizou
Yelan
Yae Miko
Zhongli
Yelan
has landed with a bit of a splash thanks to her strong passive ability that can give any active character up to 50% extra damage. She also has a good ability that will allow for plenty of opportunities to trigger a Swirl elemental reaction even when she's not the active player, although she could also trigger Electro-Charge with
Yae Miko
as well, depending on the enemy type.
Add to that everyone's favourite husbando
Zhongli
, whose Geo defences can stop virtually all incoming damage when timed correctly. He can also lower enemy resistance to elemental damage, perfect for this party which is designed to turn Heizou into a Swirl-inducing One Punch Man. Check out SmackDaddyKing's YouTube video where he shares his own thoughts on this and other potential Heizou builds, as well as his own amusing take on an "Avatar Heizou" team composition.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGvn0jkeX70
Heizou team - the best free-to-play composition
The best free-to-play Heizou team is:
Heizou
Fischl
Xiangling
Barbara
Thankfully, free-to-play players won't have to compromise too much on assembling a decent Heizou build. The principles of this team are similar to the above - Heizou is the main DPS, with
Fischl
providing off-field Electro DPS to proc Swirl, which Xiangling can also do with her Pyro abilities. Barbara is one of the best healers in the game, she makes it possible to stay in the fight with ease, and you can equip her with the Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayer catalyst to give your incoming characters an extra attack boost.
Razer Iskur X - Genshin Impact Edition
Razer Iskur X - Genshin Impact Edition
Razer
$499.00
Buy Now
Network N earns affiliate commission from qualifying sales.
That's everything you need to know about the best Heizou team. For more Genshin Impact tips check out our guide to
Genshin Impact archaic stone locations
, our
Genshin Impact events guide
, as well as our
Genshin Impact codes
article for those free primogems.