Bennett is a playable Pyro character in Genshin Impact. He is one of the most powerful and thus popular characters for playing as a Support. We decided to write this guide to help you learn more about Bennett. In our Genshin Impact Bennett Build and Best Team Comp post you will learn about Bennett’s talents, how they work and how to upgrade them. Also, you will read about his Constellations that will help you make Bennett even more powerful. After that, we have written Genshin Impact Bennett Build where you’ll see weapon and artifact set. And at last, we have mentioned the best team comps for Bennett as the Support hero.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
The whole information is presented in tables. You can use the navigation bar above to move quickly to the information block that you are most interested in.
Talents
Constellations
Build
Team
Bennett Build
Below you can see the best weapon option for playing Bennett in Genshin Impact. Accompanied by the best Bennett artifact set and its stat priorities.
Sub DPS Build
If you play this champion as a Sub DPS in your comp you should take the weapon and artifacts from the list below. They are believed to be the most effective ones in almost all situations.
Weapon
Skyward Blade
Weapon Substitutes:
Favonius Sword
,
Festering Desire
.
Artifact Set
Noblesse Oblige
(4-Piece)
Artifact Main Stats Priority:
Energy Recharge
HP%
Healing Bonus
Sub Stats Priority: HP% > Energy Recharge > CRIT Rate > CRIT DMG
Talent Priority
Fantastic Voyage > Passion Overload > Strike of Fortune
Best Team Compositions for Bennett
When you play Genshin Impact everything depends not only on your main character but also on the composition. You should learn how elements complement each other and build the best team for your main. Below you can see the best team composition for Bennett with Main DPS and two sub DPS characters. Also, we have included alternative characters for each role that go well with Bennett too.
Bennett is one of the most used supports in Genshin Impact. His Elemental Burst heals and gives bonuses to attacks, which makes him extremely popular.  One of the most powerful elemental reactions is vaporize, so you can use him in team with a strong Hydro character. Tartaglia is good enough as he can apply Hydro damage and fighting different range. If you activate Burst in the following order – Xiangling, Bennett, Kazuha, then swap to Tartaglia and activate melee attacks you will deal a lot of damage on every hit.
Good characters for this comp:
Xiao, Ganyu, Klee, Diluc, Mona, Xingqiu, Venti, Sucrose, Kaeya.
If you want to know more about every teammate for Bennett you can click on the link below and find them in the list of all Genshin Impact characters that we have described.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
In case you are still not sure what champion you want to pick as main we have
Genshin Impact characters tier list
with explanations on how to build your best team.
Bennett Talents
Below you can see the list of talents that Bennett uses during the fight. Each of them we have described with the main characteristics.
Strike of Fortune
Normal Attack
Normal Attack:
Performs up to 5 rapid strikes.
Charged Attack:
Consumes a certain amount of Stamina to unleash 2 rapid sword strikes.
Plunging Attack:
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Passion Overload
Elemental Skill
Bennett puts all his fire and passion for adventuring into his sword. Results may vary based on how fired up he is…
Press:
A single, swift flame strike that deals Pyro DMG.
Hold (Short):
Charges up, resulting in different effects when unleashed based on the Charge Level.
Level 1: Strikes twice, dealing Pyro DMG and launching opponents.
Level 2: Unleashes 3 consecutive attacks that deal impressive Pyro DMG, but the last attack triggers an explosion that launches both Bennett and the enemy.
Bennett takes no damage from being launched.
Fantastic Voyage
Elemental Burst
Bennett performs a jumping attack that deals Pyro DMG, creating an
Inspiration Field:
If the health of a character within the AoE is equal to or falls below 70%, their health will continuously regenerate. The amount of HP restored scales off Bennett’s Max HP.
If the health of a character within the AoE is higher than 70%, they gain an ATK Bonus that is based on Bennett’s Base ATK.
Imbues characters within the AoE wit
h Pyro.
Rekindle
1st Ascension Passive
Decreases Passion Overload’s CD by 20%.
Fearnaught
4th Ascension Passive
When inside Fantastic Voyage’s circle, Passion Overload’s CD is decreased by 50% and Bennett cannot be launched by this skill’s explosion.
It Should Be Safe…
Utility Passive
When dispatched on an expedition in Mondstadt, time consumed is reduced by 25%.
Every talent can be upgraded up to level 15. But to do so you will need to gather materials on particular days. The list of the needed materials for leveling Bennett’s talents is mentioned in the next block.
Talent Leveling Materials
So here you can see all materials that you will need in order to level up Bennett’s talents.
Talent Level-Up Materials
Resistance Books:
Teachings of Resistance
,
Guide to Resistance
,
Philosophies of Resistance
.
Common Ascension Materials
Treasure Hoarder Insignia
,
Silver Raven Insignia
,
Golden Raven Insignia
.
Weekly Boss Material
Dvalin’s Plume
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
Some of them are required at the beginning for low levels and others are more advanced. We just wanted to focus your attention on material types in general.
Bennett Constellations
In Genshin Impact characters have a specific upgrade system called constellation. You will need to get a specific item called Stella Fortuna to increase the level of constellation. Each character has their own version of Stella Fortuna, which you get by obtaining a duplicate of the character from Wishes.
Level 1
Grand Expectation
Fantastic Voyage’s ATK increase no longer has an HP restriction, and gains an additional 20% of Bennett’s Base ATK.
Level 2
Impasse Conqueror
When Bennett’s HP falls below 70%, his Energy Recharge is increased by 30%.
Level 3
Unstoppable Fervor
Increases the Level of Passion Overload by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4
Unexpected Odyssey
Using a Normal Attack when executing the second attack of Passion Overload’s Charge Level 1 allows an additional attack to be performed.
This additional attack does 135% of the second attack’s DMG.
Level 5
True Explorer
Increases the Level of Fantastic Voyage by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6
Fire Ventures with Me
Sword, Claymore, or Polearm-wielding characters inside Fantastic Voyage’s radius gain a 15% Pyro DMG Bonus and their weapons are infused with Pyro.
Every Genshin Impact character has its own set of constellations above you can see Bennett constellations list with descriptions.
Ascension Materials
In addition, there are ascension phases that increase the level cap for your character. After Bennett reaches the 20th level he can be ascended to the next ascension phase, up to phase 6, which allow getting 90th level.
Character Ascension Materials
Agnidus Agate:
Agnidus Agate Sliver
,
Agnidus Agate Fragment
,
Agnidus Agate Chunk
,
Agnidus Agate Gemstone
.
Everflame Seed
Common Ascension Materials
Treasure Hoarder Insignia
,
Silver Raven Insignia
,
Golden Raven Insignia
.
Local Specialty
Windwheel Aster
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
In order to level up ascension phases, you’ll need materials. So the list of those required for Bennett is listed above.
Artem R.
I have been an avid gamer since childhood. My favorite genres are RPGs, Action, and MMOs. Some of my all-time favorite games include the Diablo and Path of Exile ARPG series, the Dark Souls series, and JRPGs like Xenoblade, Atelier, and the Final Fantasy. I am also a big fan of the PSP and PS Vita, and I currently enjoy gaming on my Nintendo Switch.
Post Views:
9,005
Please share it with your friends
Tags:
Genshin Impact
Post navigation
Previous
Farming in My Time at Sandrock
Next
Diablo 2 Resurrected Release Date, Supporting Platforms, and Prices