Trending
Daredevil: Born Again Season 2
Crimson Desert
Invincible Season 4
Twitch
Seven Deadly Sins: Origin
Gaming
Genshin Impact
Best Heizou Genshin Impact build: Artifacts, weapons, more
by
James Busby
Published:
Feb 12, 2024, 21:07
Save for later
Save for later
HoYoverse
Get Notifications for Gaming News
Utilizing the best Heizou build in Genshin Impact can give you a huge advantage over your foes across Teyvat. Here are the best Heizou Artifacts, weapons, and Ascension Materials you’ll need to farm.
The four-star Heizou made his debut in
Genshin Impact
in the
Version 2.8 update
which launched on July 13, 2022.
The Detective of the Tenryou Commission is known for his free-spirited and unruly nature, which helps him solve many of
the game’s
most mysterious cases. When it comes to dealing with the culprit, Heizou uses his Catalyst to imbue his deadly kicks with Anemo energy.
Article continues after ad
This enables the Analytical Harmony to launch his enemies into the air and deliver a flurry of deadly wind-based attacks.
Whether you’re aiming
to save your Primogems
for the current banner featuring Heizou or just want to get the most out of the detective, then our best build guide has you covered.
Article continues after ad
Contents
Heizou abilities
Heizou constellations
Best Heizou Artifacts
Best Heizou weapon
Heizou Talent Level-Up and Ascension materials
Best Heizou team comp
Heizou abilities in Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Heizou’s abilities revolve around devastating Anemo kicks.
Heizou Normal Attack: Fudou Style Martial Arts
Normal Attack:
Performs up to five fisticuffs empowered by a mighty wind, dealing Anemo DMG.
Charged Attack:
Consumes a certain amount of Stamina and performs a sweeping kick that deals Anemo DMG.
Plunging Attack:
Calling upon the surging wind, Heizou plunges towards the ground from mid-air, damaging all opponents in his path. Deals AoE Anemo DMG upon impact with the ground.
Heizou Elemental Skill — Heartstopper Strike
Tap:
Heizou Wields the swift winds to launch a Heartstopper Strike that deals Anemo DMG.
Hold:
Charges energy to unleash an even stronger blow. He will obtain the Declension effect while charging, which will increase the power of the Heartstopper Strike. When the skill button is released or the skill finishes charging, he will strike forward, dealing Anemo DMG.
Article continues after ad
Declension:
Increases the power of the next Heartstopper Strike. Max 4 stacks. When Heizou possesses four Declension stacks, the Conviction effect will be produced, which will cause the next Hearstopper Strike to be even stronger and have a larger AoE.
Elemental Burst — Windmuster Attack
Heizou Leaps into the air and uses the Fudou Style Vacuum Slugger to explosively kick his opponent, dealing AoE Anemo DMG. When Vacuum Slugger hits opponents affected by Hydro/Pyro/Cryo/Electro, these opponents will be afflicted with Windmuster Iris, which will explode after a moment and deal AoE DMG of the corresponding aforementioned elemental type.
Article continues after ad
Related
Best Yao Guang Honkai Star Rail build: Team, Light Cones, Eidolons, and Abilities
Best One-Handed Sword build in Wuchang: Fallen Feathers
Best Saber Honkai Star Rail build: Relics, Light Cones & team comp
Article continues after ad
Vacuum Slugger can afflict a maximum of four opponents with the Windmuster Iris. A single opponent cannot be under the effect of Windmuster Irises of different elements at the same time.
Heizou Constellations
Heizou has a good range of Constellations available to unlock. Here’s what each Constellation level has to offer:
Level 1 — Named Jouvenille Casebook:
For five seconds after Shikanoin Heizou takes the field, his Normal Attack SPD is increased by 15%. He also gains 1 Declension stack for Heartstopper Strike. This effect can be triggered once every 10s.
Level 2 — Investigative Collection:
When the Fudou Style Vacuum Slugger created by Windmuster Kick explodes, it will pull nearby opponents in.
Level 3 — Esoteric Puzzle Book:
Increases the Level of Heartstopper Strike by three. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4 — Tome of Lies:
The first Windmuster Iris explosion in each Windmuster Kick will regenerate 9 Elemental Energy for Shikanoin Heizou. Every subsequent explosion in that Windmuster Kick will each regenerate an additional 1.5 Energy for Heizou. One Windmuster Kick can regenerate a total of 13.5 Energy for Heizou in this manner.
Level 5 — Secret Archive:
Increases the Level of Windmuster Kick by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6
— Curious Case Files:
Each Declension stack will increase the CRIT Rate of the Heartstopper Strike unleashed by 4%. When Heizou possesses Conviction, this Heartstoppper Strike’s CRIT DMG is increased by 32%.
Best Heizou Artifacts in Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Artifacts can greatly increase Hiezou’s Anemo damage.
The best Heizou build greatly enhances the Anemo user’s damage and enables him to support his team. As a result,
Viridescent Venerer
will likely be a top pick. This Artifact set increases Anemo DMG Bonus by 15%, as well as boosting Swirl DMG by 60%.
Article continues after ad
If that wasn’t enough, the set also decreases his opponent’s Elemental RES to the element infused in the Swirl by 40% for 10s. This enables Heizou to amplify his own damage output, while also buffing those around him.
However, there are plenty of other options as well. There’s always the choice of running the standard
Noblesse Oblige
set for 20% Elemental Burst damage and 20% team attack buff. This set is a great choice for those who don’t wish to grind a Viridescent Venerer set.
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
Artifact
Set Bonuses
Viridescent Venerer
2-Piece:
Anemo DMG Bonus +15%
4-Piece:
Increases Swirl DMG by 60%. Decreases opponent’s Elemental RES to the element infused in the Swirl by 40% for 10s.
Noblesse Oblige
2-Piece:
Elemental Burst DMG +20%.
4-Piece:
Using an Elemental Burst increases all party members’ ATK by 20% for 12s. This effect cannot stack.
Best Heizou weapon in Genshin Impact
Heizou is a Catalyst user who excels at blasting his enemies with Anemo kicks, which means you’ll want a weapon that can maximize his attack damage and boost those around him.
As a result, his
best option is Lost Prayer to the Sacred Winds
. This Catalyst improves Heizou’s Movement SPD by 10% in addition to an 8% Elemental DMG Bonus every four seconds.
You could also run the 5-star Catalyst
Tulaytullah’s Remembrance
to increase Heizou’s Normal Attack SPD by 10%. After using an Elemental Skill, Normal Attack DMG will increase by 4.8% every second for 14 seconds.
Article continues after ad
However, these 5-star weapons can be particularly tricky to obtain, especially for F2P and low-spend Travelers. For a four-star budget option,
The Widsith
is a great support-based weapon that can boost your team comp’s ATK, Elemental DMG, and Elemental Mastery.
Find a list of Heizou’s best weapons in Genshin Impact below:
Article continues after ad
Weapon
Details
Lost Prayer to the Sacred Winds
Increases Movement SPD by 10%. When in battle, gain an 8% Elemental DMG Bonus every 4s. Max 4 stacks. Lasts until the character falls or leaves combat.
The Widsith
When a character takes the field, they will gain a random theme song for 10s. This can only occur once every 30s.
Tulaytullah’s Remembrance
Normal Attack SPD is increased by 10%. After the wielder unleashes an Elemental Skill, Normal Attack DMG will increase by 4.8% every second for 14s. After hitting an opponent with a Normal Attack during this duration, Normal Attack DMG will be increased by 9.6%. This increase can be triggered once every 0.3s. The maximum Normal Attack DMG increase per single duration of the overall effect is 48%.Heizou Talent Level-Up and Ascension materials
Heizou Talent and Ascension materials can be found across Inazuma, which means you’ll need to progress through the story if you wish to fully level him.
Article continues after ad
In order to level up and Ascend him, you’ll
need to defeat the Ruin Serpent
– the deadly boss fight that was added in The Chasm update. This boss drops the
Runic Fang material
and other rare items.
Travelers will also need to farm plenty of
Onikabuto
beetles (Narukami Island) and
Treasure Hoarder Insignias
(obtained by defeating Treasure Hoarders).
As Heizou excels as an Anemo support, you’ll want to max out his Elemental Skill and Burst, to help create Swirl reactions and maximize your team’s DPS. Once that’s maxed out, simply pump the rest of the levels into his Normal Attack.
Article continues after ad
Heizou Talent Level-up and Ascension Materials
Heizou Talent Level-Up materials
Talent Level-Up Materials
Talent Level-Up Materials
Teachings of Transience x9
Guide to Transience x63
Philosophies of Transience x114
Common Ascension Materials
Treasure Horder Insignia x18
Silver Raven Insignia x66
Golden Raven Insignia x93
Weekly Boss Materials
The Meaning of Aeons x18
Heizou Ascension materials
Ascension Level
Mora Cost
Materials
1
20,000
Vayuda Turquoise Sliver x1
–
Onikabuto x3
Treasure Horder Insignia x3
2
40,000
Vayuda Turquoise Fragment x3
Runic Fang x2
Onikabuto x10
Treasure Horder Insignia x15
3
60,000
Vayuda Turquoise Fragment x6
Runic Fang x4
Onikabuto x20
Silver Raven Insignia x12
4
80,000
Vayuda Turquoise Chunk x3
Runic Fang x8
Onikabuto x30
Silver Raven Insignia x18
5
100,000
Vayuda Turquoise Chunk x6
Runic Fang x12
Onikabuto x45
Golden Raven Insignia x12
6
120,000
Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone x6
Runic Fang x20
Onikabuto x60
Golden Raven Insignia x24
Best Heizou team comp
HoYoverse
Hu Tao synergizes well with Heizou.
As Heizou is an Anemo Catalyst user, he can fit into a variety of different team comps. His ability to amplify his team’s attacks with the use of Swirl is incredibly potent, especially when used with characters like
Hu Tao
and
Xiangling
.
Article continues after ad
Not only do these two characters benefit from Heizou’s ability to group targets together, but they can also deliver the killing blow to even the tankiest enemies when Swirl is active. Having two Pyro units also Increases ATK by 25%, giving you even more DPS.
Article continues after ad
We recommend rounding out the comp with
Zhongli
. This helps adds a layer of survivability to the team, protecting Hu Tao and Xiangling with shields and even petrifying enemies with his Elemental Burst.
You could alternatively place Heizou on a team focused on swirling Electro and Hydro reactions alongside characters such as
Yae Miko, Yelan, and Kuki Shinobu.
So, there you have it, the best Heizou build in Genshin Impact. Make sure you check out our Genshin Impact
page
and other character guides below for all the latest news and meta builds:
Article continues after ad
Best Yelan build
|
Best Yae Miko build
|
Best Albedo build
|
Best Ayaka build
|
Best Barbara build
|
Best Childe build
|
Best Ganyu build
|
Best Itto build
|
Best Jean build
|
Best Kazuha build
|
Best Keqing build
|
Best Kokomi build
|
Best Raiden Shogun build
|
Best Venti build
|
Best Xiao build
|
Article continues after ad
More
Genshin Impact
News
Add as a preferred source on Google
Follow on Google News
Featured Articles
Food
Baseball team unveils “dessert chicken” bucket for fans to buy all season
Roblox
Zo Samurai codes (March 2026)
Roblox
Divine Duality Elemental codes (March 2026)
Entertainment
Senior cats saved from euthanization with kitty-sized ‘retirement village’
Entertainment
Lost cat reunites with owner after 12 years as a stray and immediately recognizes her
Sign up to Dexerto
For The latest News, Views & Reviews
Better Reading Experience
|
Save Your Favourite Items
Sign up