Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Heizou best build and Talent, Ascension materials, Constellation, skills, weapon
Everything you need to know about Shikanoin Heizou in Genshin Impact.
Guide
by
Jessica Orr
Senior Guides Writer
Published on
July 12, 2022
Follow Genshin Impact
Shikanoin Heizou
was added as a playable character to the
2.8 update
of
Genshin Impact
.
The young Tenryou Commission detective is included (and boosted) in the Leaves in the Wind and Sparkling Steps event Banners during the Summer Fantasia content of 2.8, alongside returning 5-Star favourites Kaedehara and Klee.
Whether you have him, or want to prepare for if you do Wish for him successfully, it’s good to know the
best Heizou build
in
Genshin Impact
, and what
Constellations
,
Talent materials
and
Ascension materials
are needed to level up Heizou to his full potential.
Be sure to check out our
Genshin Impact codes
page to get free
Primogems
that can be used towards unlocking Heizou and other
characters
.
On this page:
Heizou stats and materials
:
Heizou Talents, skills, star, element, and weapon
Heizou Talent materials
Heizou Ascension materials
Heizou Constellation
Heizou build
:
How to play Heizou in Genshin Impact
Best Heizou team comp
Best Heizou Artifacts
Best Heizou weapon
Best Heizou build
Character Demo - "Shikanoin Heizou: Cyclone of Investigation" | Genshin Impact
Watch on YouTube
Genshin Impact Heizou Talents, skills, star, element, and weapon
Heizou is a
4-Star Anemo catalyst user who will most likely be best used in a DPS (damage per second) attacking role
due to his Anemo damage and grouping abilities. Pairing him with good sub DPS characters to take advantage of elemental reactions can increase your team's damage even more with Heizou's swirl and explosion perks.
Here's a summary of  Heizou’s abilities and stats in Genshin Impact:
Element
: Anemo
Rarity
: 4-Star
Weapon
: Catalyst
Banner
: Leaves in the Wind and Sparkling Steps
Best build
: DPS
Normal Attack
: Fudou Style Martial Arts
Elemental Skill
: Heartstopper Strike
Elemental Burst
: Windmuster Kick
Passive one
: Paradoxical Practice (When Heizou activates a swirl reaction while on the field, he will gain one Declension stack for Heartstopper Strike, this can be triggered once every 0.1 seconds)
Passive two
: Penetrative Reasoning (after Heartstopper Strike hits an enemy, all party members' Elemental Mastery - excluding Heizou - is increased by 80 for ten seconds)
Exploration bonus
: Pre-Existing Guilt (decreases sprinting Stamina consumption for your party members by 20%, but is not stackable with other characters' passive talents with the same effect)
Heizou Normal Attack: Fudou Style Martial Arts
Heizou's normal attack deals Anemo damage as he performs up to five melee strikes in a row. You can hold the normal attack button for a charged attack, which consumes stamina to perform a sweeping kick that also deals Anemo damage.
For his plunging attack, Heizo damages all opponents in his path, dealing AOE (area of effect) Anemo damage when hitting the ground.
Heizou Elemental Skill: Heartstopper Strike
You can either tap or hold your Elemental Burst button to perform Heartstopper Strike. Tapping produces a kick that deals Anemo damage, whereas charging the attack will unleash an even stronger blow when you let go, or when Heizou reaches four Declension stacks.
When four Declension stacks are obtained, Heizou's next Heartstopper Strike will be even stronger, and have a larger AOE.
Heizou Elemental Burst: Windmuster Kick
When Heizou's Elemental Burst is activated, he will leap into the air and produce an Anemo effect called Fudou Style Vacuum Slugger, then kick it at opponents. It explodes if it hits an enemy, causing AOE Anemo damage and pulling in nearby objects and opponents.
When Fudou Style Vacuum Slugger hits opponents affected by Hydro, Pyro, Cryo and Electro effects, the Windmuster Iris effect will be activated, which creates an explosion dealing AOE damage of the corresponding element.
Windmuster Iris can hit a maximum of four opponents, but a single enemy cannot be under the effect of multiple elemental Windmuster Iris'. For example, you can't get Electro explosions at the same time as Hydro explosions, and the same with Pyro and Cryo effects.
Genshin Impact Heizou Talent materials
Golden Raven Insignia material. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
To get the most out of using Heizou, you will have to level his skills up by using Talent materials, which vary from character-to-character.
For Heizou, you're going to need to farm a lot of Transience and Raven Insignia items (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade his capabilities.
As Heizou has three Talents,
you will have to spend three times the Talent materials listed below to fully upgrade all of his abilities
.
Here's what Heizou Talent materials and Mora you need to improve one of his abilities:
Heizou Talent level
Talent materials
Mora cost
Level 2
x3 Teachings of Transience, x6 Treasure Hoarder Insignias
12,500
Level 3
x2 Guide to Transience, x3 Silver Raven Insignias
17,500
Level 4
x4 Guide to Transience, x4 Silver Raven Insignias
25,000
Level 5
x6 Guide to Transience, x6 Silver Raven Insignias
30,000
Level 6
x9 Guide to Transience, x9 Silver Raven Insignias
37,500
Level 7
x4 Philosophies of Transience, x4 Golden Raven Insignias, x1 The Meaning of Aeons
120,000
Level 8
x6 Philosophies of Transience, x6 Golden Raven Insignias, x1 The Meaning of Aeons
260,000
Level 9
x12 Philosophies of Transience, x9 Golden Raven Insignias, x2 The Meaning of Aeons
450,000
Level 10
x16 Philosophies of Transience, x12 Golden Raven Insignias, x2 The Meaning of Aeons, x1 Crown of Insight
700,000
Here's what Talent Materials you'll need to fully upgrade one of Heizou's skills:
x1 Crown of Insight
x3 Teachings of Transience
x6 Treasure Hoarder Insignias
x6 The Meaning of Aeons
x21 Guide to Transience
x22 Silver Raven Insignias
x31 Golden Raven Insignias
x38 Philosophies to Transience
1,652,500 Mora
To upgrade all three of Heizou's skills, here's all the Talent Materials you'll need:
x3 Crown of Insight
x9 Teachings of Transience
x18 Treasure Hoarder Insignias
x18 The Meaning of Aeons
x63 Guide to Transience
x66 Silver Raven Insignias
x93 Golden Raven Insignias
x114 Philosophies to Transience
4,957,500 Mora
Genshin Impact Heizou Ascension materials
Onikabuto material. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Just like Talents, you need to use Heizou Ascension materials to upgrade his health, attack, defence, and critical hit effectiveness.
For Heizou, you're going to need to farm a lot of Raven Insignias and Onikabuto materials (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade his capabilities.
Unlike Talent materials, you only need to spend the below Ascension materials once to fully raise Heizou to his highest character level. There is also Acquaint Fate rewarded for reaching certain Ascension levels. You can spend this Fate on standard and beginner Banners to Wish for characters and weapons.
Here's what Heizou Ascension materials and Mora you need to upgrade him for each Ascension level:
Heizou Ascension level
Ascension materials
Mora cost
Ascension reward
Level 20
x1 Vayuda Turquoise Silver, x3 Onikabuto, x3 Treasure Hoarder Insignias
20,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 40
x3 Vayuda Turquoise Fragments, x2 Runic Fang, x10 Onikabuto, x15 Treasure Hoarder Insignias
40,000
None
Level 50
x6 Vayuda Turquoise Fragments, x4 Runic Fang, x20 Onikabuto, x12 Silver Raven Insignias
60,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 60
x3 Vayuda Turquoise Chunk, x8 Runic Fang, x30 Onikabuto, x18 Silver Raven Insignias
80,000
None
Level 70
x6 Vayuda Turquoise Chunk, x12 Runic Fang, x45 Onikabuto, x12 Golden Raven Insignias
100,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 80
x6 Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone, x20 Runic Fang, x60 Onikabuto, x24 Golden Raven Insignias
120,000
None
In total, here's all the Ascension Materials you need for Heizou in Genshin Impact:
x1 Vayuda Turquoise Silver
x6 Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone
x9 Vayuda Turquoise Fragment
x9 Vayuda Turquoise Chunk
x18 Treasure Hoarder Insignias
x30 Silver Raven Insignias
x36 Golden Raven Insignias
x46 Runic Fang
x168 Onikabuto
420,000 Mora
Genshin Impact Heizou Constellation
By getting duplicates of Heizou from wishing on Banners, you will receive his Stella Fortuna. This material allows you to unlock Constellation levels, with each upgrade either improving an existing Talent or Passive ability.
Here are all of Heizou's Constellation level upgrades in Genshin Impact:
Named Juvenile Casebook (C1)
: For five seconds after Heizou becomes active in the field, his normal attack speed is increased by 15%, and he gains one Declension stack for his Elemental Skill - Heartstopper Strike - but this effect can only be triggered once every ten seconds.
Investigate Collection (C2)
: The grouping pull effect of Heizou's Elemental Burst -  Windmuster Kick - is enhanced, with its duration increasing by one second.
Esoteric Puzzle Book (C3)
: Increases the Level of Heartstopper Strike by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Tome of Lies (C4)
: The first Windmuster Iris explosion of each Windmuster Kick will regenerate nine Elemental Energy for Heizou, with each subsequent explosion regenerating an additional 1.5 Elemental Energy, but it has a cap of 13.5 Elemental Energy per Windmuster Kick.
Secret Archive (C5)
: Increases the level of Windmuster Kick by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Curious Casefiles (C6)
: Each stack of Declension will increase the critical rate of the next Heartstopper Strike by 4%, and when Heizou possesses Conviction, his next Heartstopper Strike's critical damage is increased by 32%.
How to play Heizou in Genshin Impact
Judging from what we know of him from pre-release details
the best build for Heizou is DPS
. He's really the only other Anemo character made for a pure DPS role, apart from the formidable 5-Star
Xiao
. However, as Heizou is a 4-Star, his damage output isn't on par with Xiao or other 5-Star DPS characters, but he has the ability to take advantage of Elemental Reactions to make up for this.
When playing Heizou in a DPS role, you should aim to
build stacks of Declension by charging your Elemental Skill attack - Heartstopper Strike - for increased Anemo damage
, and even more damage when you next use Heizou's Elemental Skill.
Whether playing Heizou in a pure DPS or sub DPS role, you should also use his Elemental Burst - Windmuster Kick - as often as possible to
create Elemental Reactions with Hydro, Pyro, Cryo, or Electro party members
. Not only will this spread the elemental damage to multiple enemies, but it will also create Windmuster Iris explosions, causing further elemental damage.
Best Heizou team comp in Genshin Impact
With his Elemental Burst capabilities in mind, you'll want to have characters who can provide sustained elemental damage while off the field.
Yelan
or
Xingqiu
can act as a great support for Heizou in this regard, especially if paired with an Electro character like
Beidou
or
Fischl
to create a taser reaction that gets swirled by Heizou - with additional damage from his Windmuster Iris explosions.
A taser team with a good support character is a good composition with Heizou.
As you can't stack Heizou's explosion with multiple elements, your fourth team member is quite interchangeable. You can take a support to help with healing, shields, or your team's Energy Recharge needs, with
Bennett
being a great pick for this role. Alternatively, you could bring another high DPS or sub DPS character with you to cause as much damage during your rotations as possible.
Best Heizou Artifacts in Genshin Impact
Part of the Viridescent Venerer set.
The best Heizou Artifacts in Genshin Impact for a DPS build will either
increase his Anemo and swirl damage, lower an enemy's elemental resistance, or increase Heizou's critical hit effectiveness
.
With this in mind, it's hard to recommend a better Artifact set than the
four-piece Viridescent Venerer for Heizou
. Even a two-piece will help increase his damage output significantly.
If you don't have the Viridescent Venerer set, or are using it on another character, you can also try the two-piece
Echoes Of An Offering or Shimenawa's Reminiscence sets
to increase your attack damage. Although, we recommend equipping a four-piece set for maximum damage potential.
Best Heizou weapon in Genshin Impact
Solar Pearl catalyst.
For Heizou's best weapon,
we recommend equipping the Solar Pearl catalyst
. Normal attacks will increase your Elemental Burst and Skill damage when the weapon is equipped, and vice versa.
The best news is that it's actually a pretty obtainable weapon without grinding too much, as it's available from the Gnostic Hymm in the Battle Pass after reaching Level 30.
As an alternative, you could equip
Sacrificial Fragments
to help with Heizou's Elemental Skill cooldown, or
Skyward Atlas
for increased elemental and attack damage.
If you don't have any of these weapons, you should choose a suitable catalyst weapon for Heizou that meets your playstyle needs. DPS builds will need catalysts that increase attack and Anemo Damage. Whereas if you want to run more of a sub DPS kit on him, you'd be aiming for Energy Recharge capabilities in order to activate his Elemental Burst as often as possible.
Version 6.4 Phase 2 sees the returning 5-Star
Skirk
and a rerun of
Escoffier
. 

So don't forget to redeem
new codes
for
Primogems
to help pull them, and check out our regularly updated
tier list
.

You need luck from the
Pity and 50/50 systems
to
Wish with Fate
for characters on
Banners
, and you always need the right
Adventure Rank
for events.

Elsewhere, we have
tips and tricks for beginners
.
Best Heizou build in Genshin Impact
With all this in mind, if you want to take advantage of Heizou's DPS capabilities, we have compiled what we think is currently the best Heizou build in Genshin Impact:
Heizou Best Weapon
: Solar Pearl
Heizou Best Artifacts
: Four-piece Viridescent Venerer (try for at least a two-piece)
Heizou Best team comp
: A Hydro sub DPS (like Yelan or Xingqiu), an Electro sub DPS (like Beidou or Fischl), and a support (like Bennett or Diona).
It can take a lot of time to find these Artifacts and materials to level-up Heizo to his full potential, but could be worth it if you're lacking a damage-dealer and like Heizou's close combat style.
Good luck levelling up Heizou in Genshin Impact!