Trending
The Boys Season 5
Windrose
Invincible Season 4
Twitch
Overwatch
Gaming
Genshin Impact
Best Charlotte Genshin Impact build: Artifacts, weapons, more
by
James Busby
Updated:
Nov 08, 2023, 14:21
Save for later
Save for later
HoYoverse
Get Notifications for Gaming News
Charlotte is a
brand-new Ice Catalyst user in
Genshin Impact
. Here is everything you need to learn about the character including her abilities, best weapons, artifacts, and more.
Charlotte made her first major appearance several months back in an Inazuma event. However, with the release of Fontaine, she is finally set to become playable in the
game
.
Charlotte is basically a healer, but her Elemental Skill works very similar to Nahida. She is very good at her own job and can work quite well in freeze comps. There is a high probability that you will get Charlotte while pulling for Furina in Genshin Impact.
Article continues after ad
Hence, here is all you need to know regarding the character.
Contents
Charlotte abilities in Genshin Impact
Charlotte constellations in Genshin Impact
Charlotte artifacts in Genshin Impact
Best weapons for Charlotte in Genshin Impact
Charlotte Talent level-up and Ascension materials
Best Charlotte team comp in Genshin Impact
Charlotte trailer in Genshin Impact
Charlotte abilities in Genshin Impact
Charlotte’s ultimate can heal players in Genshin Impact
Normal Attack- Cool Color Capture
Normal Attack
: Taking aim at targets using Monsieur Verite, her custom Kamera, Charlotte performs up to 3 consecutive attacks, dealing Cryo DMG.
Charged Attack:
Consumes a fixed amount of Stamina, and after a moment’s preparation, will deploy Monsieur Verite to deal AoE Cryo DMG.
Article continues after ad
Plunging Attack
Gathering the power of Cryo, Charlotte plunges toward the ground, dealing DMG to all opponents in her path and dealing AoE Cryo DMG upon landing.
Article continues after ad
Arkhe: Pnema
– At certain intervals, upon using a Charged Attack, Charlotte will cause a Spiritbreath Thorn to descend and pierce opponents, dealing Pneuma-aligned AoE Cryo DMG.
Skill- Framing: Freezing Point Composition
Using the keen instincts of an ace reporter, Charlotte uses her photography skills to produce different effects based on whether the ability is Tapped or Held.
Tap
Takes a snapshot using Monsieur Verite, dealing AoE Cryo DMG to opponents in front of her and applying Snappy Silhouette to a maximum of 5 opponents. During this effect’s duration, it will deal Cryo DMG to affected opponents at intervals.
Related
Genshin Impact collabs with Cold Stone for exclusive ice creams & merch
Genshin Impact tier list: Best characters as of update 5.4
Forgotten Genshin Impact 4-star destroys weekly boss with ease
Article continues after ad
Hold
Popping Monsieur Verite’s viewfinder open, Charlotte enters Composition Mode, and during this time, the viewfinder will expand as you hold until you reach a Finisher Frame state. In this state, Charlotte can move and change direction freely.
When the hold state ends, Monsieur Verite will deal Cryo DMG to all opponents locked on within the viewfinder, and apply the same Snappy Silhouette as Tap Mode does to them. If you unleash this ability only after reaching Finisher Frame, you will instead apply Focused Impression, which lasts longer and deals more DMG, although the Skill CD will be longer.
Composition Mode lasts a maximum of 15s and allows a maximum of 5 opponents to be selected.
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
Ultimate- Skill Point: Comprehensive Confirmation
Condensing ice to create The Steambird’s signature, Charlotte creates a Newsflash Field that will deal AoE Cryo DMG and restores HP for all party members based on Charlotte’s ATK.
Newsflash Field
While the ability is active, Monsieur Verite will deal Cryo DMG at intervals to opponents within its AoE.
Will continuously restore HP to active character(s) within its AoE based on Charlotte’s ATK.
Passive skills
First-Person Shutter
After equipping the Special Analysis Zoom Lens, Charlotte’s “Framing: Freezing Point Composition”‘s Hold Mode cannot trigger its original effects, but you can now take photos in a more special way.
Moment of Impact
When opponents marked by “Focused Impression” are defeated, Framing: Freezing Point Composition’s CD will be decreased by 2s. This CD decrease can be triggered 4 times every 12s.
Article continues after ad
Diversity Survey
When the party contains 1/2/3 Fontainians other than herself, Charlotte gains a 5%/10%/15% Healing Bonus. When the party contains 1/2/3 non-Fontainians, Charlotte gains a 5%/10%/15% Cryo DMG Bonus.
Charlotte Constellations in Genshin Impact
Charlotte constellations enhance her effectiveness in the game
Level 1- A Need to Verify Facts
: After Still Photo: Comprehensive Confirmation heals a character, it will mark them with Verification, which will heal them once every 2s for 80% of Charlotte’s ATK. This effect lasts 6s.
Article continues after ad
Level 2- A Duty to Pursue Truth
: When using Framing: Freezing Point Composition, when Monsieur Verite hits 1/2/3 (or more) opponents, Charlotte’s own attack will be increased by 10%/20%/30% for 12s.
Article continues after ad
Level 3- An Imperative to Independence
: Increases the Level of Still Photo: Comprehensive Confirmation by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4- A Responsibility to Oversee
: When Still Photo: Comprehensive Confirmation hits an opponent marked by Speedy Silhouette or Focused Impression, it will deal 10% more DMG and restore 2 Energy to Charlotte. This restoration can be triggered 5 times every 20s.
Level 5- A Principle of Conscience
: Increases the Level of Framing: Freezing Point Composition by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Article continues after ad
Level 6- A Summation of Interest
: When the active character’s Normal and Charged Attacks hit an opponent marked by Framing: Freezing Point Composition’s Focused Impression, Monsieur Verite will initiate a follow-up attack that deals 180% of Charlotte’s ATK as AoE Cryo DMG and heals active character(s) within the AoE for 42% of Charlotte’s ATK. This effect can be triggered once every 6s, and both DMG and healing done this way will be considered as having been done by Charlotte’s Elemental Burst.
Article continues after ad
Best Charlotte artifacts in Genshin Impact
Charlotte is a support unit in Genshin Impact. The best artifact set for Charlotte in Genshin Impact is
Noblesse Oblige
. The set bonus for the artifact set are provided below:
Article continues after ad
2-piece bonus
: Elemental Burst DMG + 20%
4-piece bonus
: Using an Elemental Burst increases all party members’ ATK by 20% for 12s. This effect cannot stack.
The stats you should be prioritizing for Charlotte in Genshin Impact have been discussed below:
Set piece
Main Stat
Substat
Feather
ATK (Fixed)
ATK%
Flower
HP (Fixed)
ATK%
Circlet
Healing Bonus
ATK%
Goblet
ATK% OR Cryo DMG Bonus
ATK% or CRIT Rate/CRIT DMG
Sands
Energy Recharge
ATK%
Best Charlotte weapons in Genshin Impact
Skyward Atlas is a very good weapon for Charlotte
Charlotte can use a wide range of weapons in Genshin Impact. If you are looking for a 5-star weapon, you can go for
Skyward Atlas
as she benefits quite a lot from the ATK% buff. You can also use
Kagura’s Verity
if you are planning to run Charlotte as a sub-DPS unit.
If you are looking for 4-star options,
Favonius Codex
and
Oathsworn Eye
are very good choices. Favonius Codex is easy to obtain, but Oathsword Eye was a reward from an event in Enkanomiya.
Article continues after ad
Charlotte Talent level-up and Ascension Materials
Charlotte in Genshin Impact requires Shivada Jade Silver, Meshing Gear, Tourbillion Device, and Beryl Conch for ascension. If you are looking to upgrade her talents, you will need access to Teachings of Justice, Meshing Gear, Lightless Silk String.
Article continues after ad
Charlotte Talent level-up materials in Genshin Impact
Talent level-up Materials for Charlotte
Talent level-up materials
Teachings of Justice x9
Guide to Justice x63
Philosophies of Justice x114
Common materials
Meshing Gear x18
Mechanical Spur Gear x66
Artificed Dynamic Gear x93
Boss materials
Lightless Silk String x18
Charlotte Ascension Materials in Genshin Impact
Ascension Materials
Mora Cost
Materials
1
20000
Shivada Jade Silver x1
Meshing Gear x3
Beryl Conch x 3
2
40000
Shivada Jade Fragment x3
Tourbillion Device x2
Meshing Gear x15
Beryl Conch
3
60000
Shivada Jade Fragment x6
Tourbillion Device x4
Mechanical Spur Gear x12
Beryl Conch
4
80000
Shivada Jade Chunk x3
Tourbillion Device x8
Mechanical Spur Gear x18
Beryl Conch
5
100000
Shivada Jade Chunk x6
Tourbillion Device x12
Artificed Dynamic Gear x12
Beryl Conch
6
120000
Shivada Jade Gemstone x6
Tourbillion Device x20
Artificed Dynamic Gear x24
Beryl Conch
Best Charlotte team comp in Genshin Impact
Charlotte is primarily a healer, which means she can work in a wide range number of teams. However, being a Cryo unit, she works the best in freeze comps. The best units to pair with Charlotte are
Furina
,
Wriothesley
, and
Kazuha
.
Article continues after ad
You can also run a team comprised of Furina, Ayaka, Kazuha, and Charlotte. Lastly, if you want, a team comprised of Charlotte, Shenhe, Furina, and Kazuha might also work. However, in the last team, you need to build Charlotte as a sub-DPS.
Charlotte Genshin Impact trailer
On November 4, 2023, HoYoverse released a trailer for Charlotte on their official YouTube channel. If you did not check it out yet, you can watch it from the link provided below:
This is all that we know about Charlotte so far in Genshin Impact
.
In the meantime, be sure to check out our Genshin Impact
page
to ensure you’re prepared for the latest content.
Article continues after ad
All Electro characters in Genshin Impact
|
All Cryo characters in Genshin Impact
|
Games like Genshin Impact
|
Best Barbara build in Genshin Impact
|
Best Genshin Impact Wish Simulators
|
Genshin Impact stats tracker
|
Is Genshin Impact cross-platform?
|
All free characters in Genshin Impact
|
Genshin Impact pick rates
|
What is Pity in Genshin Impact?
|
Where to get Radish in Genshin Impact
|
Where to find your screenshot folder in Genshin Impact
|
Best Diluc build in Genshin Impact
Article continues after ad
More
Genshin Impact
News
Add as a preferred source on Google
Follow on Google News
Featured Articles
Gaming
Resident Evil fan transforms hidden Pragmata website into meme page & it’s a must-see
Gaming
Vinland Saga creator’s Minecraft struggles go viral as his kids take over
TV & Movies
Stranger Things: Tales From ’85 soundtrack – all artists and songs
GTA
GTA insiders respond after being “misquoted” over GTA 6 release date rumors
TV & Movies
Michael Jackson biopic star explains why movie ignores sexual assault allegations
Sign up to Dexerto
For The latest News, Views & Reviews
Better Reading Experience
|
Save Your Favourite Items
Sign up