Charlotte is a dedicated reporter for The Steambird who covers the most captivating stories, often putting herself in danger along the way. She's a four-star Cryo character with an unconfirmed weapon, but leakers allege that she may be a catalyst user. Charlotte will be released
alongside the Hydro Archon, Furina
, in Genshin Impact's Version 4.2 update.
Recommended Videos
I'm so excited to pull in the upcoming double waifu banner, which is just as tempting as
Neuvillette
and
Wriothesley
's Version 4.1 release. If you're also thinking about pulling for Charlotte, get to know her kit below. But keep in mind that
the information below has not been confirmed by HoYoverse and is solely based on leaks, so take them with a grain of salt.
It's common for changes to occur between the beta test and official release.
Table of Contents
hide
Charlotte – Skills, Constellations, & more in Genshin Impact
Charlotte Skills
Auto Attack: Cool-Color Capture
Elemental Skill: Framing: Freezing Point Composition
Elemental Burst: Still Photo: Comprehensive Confirmation
Charlotte Passives
Charlotte Constellations
More Posts from PGG
Charlotte – Skills, Constellations, & more in Genshin Impact
Charlotte Skills
Auto Attack: Cool-Color Capture
Normal Attack
: Taking aim at targets using Monsieur Verite, her custom Kamera, Charlotte performs up to three consecutive attacks, dealing Cryo Damage.
Charged Attack
: Consumes a fixed amount of Stamina, and, after a moment's preparation, will deploy Monsieur Verite to deal AoE Cryo Damage.
Plunging Attack
: Gathering the power of Cryo, Charlotte plunges toward the ground, dealing DMG to all opponents in her path and dealing AoE Cryo Damage upon landing.
Arkhe: Pneuma
: At certain intervals, upon using a Charged Attack, Charlotte will cause a Spiritbreath Thorn to descend and pierce opponents, dealing Pneuma-aligned AoE Cryo Damage.
Elemental Skill: Framing: Freezing Point Composition
Using the keen instincts of an ace reporter, Charlotte uses her photography skills to produce different effects based on whether the ability is tapped or held.
Tap
Takes a snapshot using Monsieur Verite, dealing AoE Cryo Damage to opponents in front of her and applying Snappy Silhouette to a maximum of five opponents. During this effect's duration, it will deal Cryo Damage to affected opponents at intervals.
Hold
Popping Monsieur Verite's viewfinder open, Charlotte enters Composition Mode, and during this time, the viewfinder will expand as you hold until you reach a Finisher Frame state. In this state, Charlotte can move and change direction freely.
When the hold state ends, Monsieur Verite will deal Cryo Damage to all opponents locked on within the viewfinder and apply the same Snappy Silhouette as Tap Mode does to them. If you unleash this ability only after reaching Finisher Frame, you will instead apply Focused Impression, which lasts longer and deals more damage, although the Skill cooldown will be longer.
Composition Mode lasts a maximum of 15 seconds and allows a maximum of five opponents to be selected.
Elemental Burst: Still Photo: Comprehensive Confirmation
Condensing ice to create The Steambird's signature, Charlotte creates a Verified Scene that will deal AoE Cryo Damage and restores HP for all party members based on Charlotte's Attack.
Verified Scene
While the ability is active, Monsieur Verite will deal Cryo Damage at intervals to opponents within its AoE.
Will continuously restore HP to your active character based on Charlotte's Attack.
Energy Cost
: 80
Related:
Tome of the Eternal Flow – How to get, Ascension, stats, and who can use it in Genshin Impact
Charlotte Passives
Passive one (First-Person Shutter)
: After equipping the Special Analysis Zoom Lens, Charlotte's "Framing: Freezing Point Composition"'s Hold Mode cannot trigger its original effects, but you can now take photos in a more special way.
Passive two (Moment of Impact):
When opponents marked by "Focused Impression" are defeated, Framing: Freezing Point Composition's cooldown will be decreased by two seconds. This cooldown decrease can be triggered four times every 12 seconds.
Passive three (Diversity Survey):
For each Fontainian party member other than herself, Charlotte gains a 5% Healing Bonus. For each non-Fontainian party member, Charlotte gains a 5% Cryo Damage Bonus.
Related:
Neuvillette’s Special Dish and how to cook it in Genshin Impact – “Consomme Purete”
Charlotte Constellations
C1 (A Need to Verify Facts):
After Still Photo: Comprehensive Confirmation heals a character, it will mark them with Verification, which will heal them once every two seconds for 80% of Charlotte's Attack. This effect lasts six seconds.
C2 (A Duty to Pursue Truth):
When using Framing: Freezing Point Composition, when Monsieur Verite hits 1/2/3 (or more) opponents, Charlotte's own attack will be increased by 10%/20%/30% for 12 seconds.
C3 (An Imperative to Independence):
Increases the Level of Still Photo: Comprehensive Confirmation by three. Maximum upgrade Level is 15.
C4 (A Responsibility to Oversee):
When Still Photo: Comprehensive Confirmation hits an opponent marked by Speedy Silhouette or Focused Impression, it will deal 10% more damage and restore two Energy to Charlotte. This restoration can be triggered five times every 20 seconds.
C5 (A Principle of Conscience):
Increases the Level of Framing: Freezing Point Composition by three. Maximum upgrade Level is 15.
C6 (A Summation of Interest):
When the active character's Normal and Charged Attacks hit an opponent marked by Framing: Freezing Point Composition's Focused Impression, Monsieur Verite will initiate a follow-up attack that deals 180% of Charlotte's Attack as AoE Cryo Damage and heals active character(s) within the AoE for 42% of Charlotte's Attack. This effect can be triggered once every six seconds, and both damage and healing done this way will be considered as having been done by Charlotte's Elemental Burst.
For more on Version 4.2, check out
Genshin Impact Furina kit – All Skills, Constellations, Passives & more!
here on Pro Game Guides.
More Posts from PGG