Charlotte is a dedicated reporter for The Steambird who covers the most captivating stories, often putting herself in danger along the way. She's a four-star Cryo character that will be released
alongside the Hydro Archon, Furina
, in Genshin Impact's Version 4.2 update.
Recommended Videos
Since Charlotte is from Fontaine, most of her leaked materials are also from the region. While I recommend farming available materials as soon as possible so you can max her out once her banner comes around, keep in mind that the
information below is from leaks and has not been officially confirmed, so take them with a grain of salt and know that there could be changes in the official release.
Table of Contents
All Charlotte level-up, talent, & ascension materials in Genshin Impact
Charlotte Level-up cost
Charlotte Ascension materials & cost
Talent level-up materials & cost
More Posts from PGG
All Charlotte level-up, talent, & ascension materials in Genshin Impact
Charlotte Level-up cost
Prepare the following resources to level Charlotte up to 80 or 90. I recommend pushing characters who scale off Elemental Mastery to level 90 and taking your time leveling other characters slowly.
Level
Hero's Wit
Mora
Level one to 80
248
987,905
Level one to 90
420
1,672,530
Charlotte Ascension materials & cost
You'll need to collect
420,000 Mora
and the following materials to fully Ascend Charlotte to Ascension level six.
Local Specialty & Boss material
x168 Beryl Conch
x46
"Tourbillon Device"
Charlotte's local specialty is the
Beryl Conch
, which can be farmed both on land and underwater in Fontaine. Meanwhile, her boss material is the "Tourbillion Device," which is dropped by the Experimental Field Generator south of the Central Laboratory Ruins.
Gemstones
x1 Shivada Jade Sliver
x9
Shivada Jade
Fragment
x9
Shivada Jade
Chunk
x6
Shivada Jade
Gemstone
Shivada Jade materials are dropped by all Cryo Normal and World Bosses, including the Cryo Hypostasis, Cryo Regisvine, and
Bathysmal Vishap Herd
. Additionally, you can
convert materials
using the Crafting Table to turn any of your existing Gemstones into Cryo ones.
Common materials
x18 Meshing Gear
x30 Mechanical Spur Gear
x36 Artificed Dynamic Gear
Leakers allege that Charlotte's common Ascension materials are Gears, which drop from
Clockwork Meka
all over Fontaine. They can be found both on land and underwater.
Related:
Genshin Impact Charlotte kit – All Skills, Constellations, Passives & more!
Talent level-up materials & cost
You must prepare
1,652,500 Mora
and the following materials to level up all three of Charlotte's Talents to
level 10
. Naturally, the cost will be a lot lower if you don't intend to triple-crown this character.
Talent materials
x9 Teachings of Justice
x63 Guide to
Justice
x114 Philosophies of
Justice
Charlotte's Talent materials can be farmed from the Pale Forgotten Glory Domain northeast of Poisson. Pay a visit on
Tuesdays, Fridays, and Sundays
to receive the Justice materials.
Common materials
x6
Meshing Gear
x22
Mechanical Spur Gear
x31
Artificed Dynamic Gear
Leakers allege that Charlotte's common Talent materials are Gears, which drop from
Clockwork Meka
all over Fontaine. They can be found both on land and underwater.
Weekly Boss material & Crown of Insight
x3 Crown of Insight
?
x18 unknown material
Crowns of Insight are limited rewards that can be obtained from big events. Meanwhile, Charlotte's Weekly Boss material is currently unknown, so it's likely to be dropped by a new Weekly Boss coming in Version 4.2.
For more on Charlotte, check out our guide on
Charlotte’s Special Dish and how to cook it in Genshin Impact – Exclusive Scoop Gourmet Column
here on Pro Game Guides.
More Posts from PGG