Task Search
Checklists
Guides
Markers
Videos
Sort and Filter
No Results
Checklists
New Checklist
All Lists
My Checklists
All
All Lists
My Checklists
How creative can you get with your first free checklist?
Create a free account
All Interactive Maps and Locations
Genshin Impact Charlotte Build Guide - Best Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
By
Cedric Pabriga
,
Jen Rothery
,
Triforce
,
+30 more
Updated
:
Nov 8, 2023 11:12pm UTC
Charlotte is a journalist on the never-ending search for truth, a 4-star Cryo Catalyst character introduced before entering Fontaine, but released in patch 4.2 of Genshin Impact. This guide to the
best Genshin Impact Charlotte build
will explain the best weapons, artifact sets, constellations, and team compositions for Charlotte.
Charlotte
Rarity:
★★★★
Element:
Cryo
Weapon:
Catalyst
Table of Contents:
How to Get Charlotte
Charlotte Gameplay Overview
Charlotte Talents and Attack Combos
Charlotte Constellation Analysis
Charlotte's Best Weapons
Charlotte's Best Artifacts
Charlotte's Best Teams
How to Get Charlotte in Genshin Impact
Charlotte was made available on the 4.2 limited banners as a featured 4-star unit. After 4.2, Charlotte is available on all banners at a reduced rate and occasional reruns on other banners for 5-stars.
Genshin Charlotte Gameplay Overview
Element:
Cryo
Weapon:
Catalyst
Rarity:
4-star
Charlotte is an
ATK%-scaling healer with extremely high energy requirements
, typically demanding a
full Cryo team
to have something manageable for combat. In short, Charlotte is not meant for combat. Instead, you should focus purely on Charlotte’s support capabilities.
Her
Elemental application
is standard for the majority of characters, and can offer a modest amount of application through the use of her Skill (tapped or held) and Burst. An argument can be made for freeze teams, as her modest application can keep enemies frozen, but it’s ill-advised to use it for amplifying reactions like Melt.
Charlotte’s competition for the Cryo healer slot is Mika, though Mika cares more about assisting physical DPS’s. Charlotte gets better with constellations, but she is likely not going to be your first choice as a healer in most teams.
Stats Worth Consideration
Energy Recharge:
Without batteries, Charlotte will need more than 220% Energy Recharge.
Favonius weapons, Prototype Amber, additional Cryo teammates, Tome of Eternal Flow, and Electro resonance will reduce these needs. Do not neglect this stat, as using Burst off cooldown is absolutely necessary for her to function.
ATK%
, which is what Charlotte’s healing scales with.
Healing Bonus
, which provides a much-needed healing boost on the Circlet.
Genshin Charlotte Talents and Attack Combos
Your talent-levelling priority should be Burst > Skill > Normal Attack.
Charlotte’s
Normal and Charged Attacks
are quite weak, and with ER needs as high as hers, she will never have the stats to crank the damage up to something respectable.
You can ignore this talent entirely.
The
Skill
is her main source of Cryo application, but again, the damage is quite mediocre. You can probably get away without levelling this and focusing purely on her Burst healing. You can choose to tap or hold this skill. Holding will generate more problems and will focus her camera until you reach her Finisher Frame state, which can reduce the cooldown of her Skill with her First Ascension Passive. Holding until this state will allow the Skill to last longer and deal more damage.
Charlotte's
Burst
heals the team in one large instance and then continues to heal for a duration of time. It will also deal modest Cryo damage to enemies. Your active character will have to stay within Charlotte’s healing circle in order to receive the benefits of her kit.
Next, come her
passives
.
Her
first ascension passive
triggers when an enemy marked by her Skill perishes, which reduces her Skill’s cooldown by two seconds, up to four times every 12 seconds. This nearly halves her cooldown time, allowing her to generate more Cryo particles for herself, which she desperately needs.
Charlotte’s
fourth ascension passive
gives greater healing bonus when more characters from Fontaine are in the party, while characters from other regions increase her Cryo damage. Basically, you should use Charlotte with other Fontainians.
Her
exploration passive
allows her to take neat pictures with her Skill!
When it comes to field time, Charlotte should
hold her Skill talent, then use her Burst and swap out
. The playstyle is straightforward, since you’re only focusing on gathering particles and healing with her Burst.
Genshin Charlotte Constellation Analysis
C1 is quite strong for Charlotte, but nothing beyond that is necessary. C1 gives her more comfort of play, but don’t feel pressured to roll for constellations on any 5-star, since they are expensive.
Constellation Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
C1. A Need to Verify Facts
Adds more intermittent healing to active characters within Charlotte’s healing AoE.
Basically just makes her better at her job. It’s probably the best buff to healing we get for her.
C2. A Duty to Pursue Truth
Charlotte’s ATK increases the more enemies that are captured in the lens of her skill, up to three enemies and up to 30% ATK.
Only valuable insofar as it increases her healing potential slightly.
C3. An Imperative to Independence
Increase Burst talent level by 3.
Even more healing!
C4. A Responsibility to Oversee
Every time the Burst hits enemies marked by Charlotte’s skill, Charlotte regenerates a small amount of energy and damage is increased by 10%.
Critical for keeping Charlotte’s massive energy needs under control. Probably the goal of your constellations.
C5. A Principle of Conscience
Increases Skill talent level by 3.
Extremely weak. Virtually useless.
C6. A Summation of Interest
Once every six seconds, when active characters use Normal or Charged Attacks against enemies marked by her Skill, she will fire a coordinated Cryo attack and offer a minor instance of healing.
The six second buffer really ruins a constellation that should have been quite good.
Genshin Charlotte's Best Weapons
Charlotte’s choices are straightforward: pick whatever gives the most Energy Recharge, energy particle generation, or healing. There are really only two viable options for Charlotte.
Weapon Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
Favonius Codex
45.9% Energy Recharge
When scoring a CRIT hit, there is a 60-100% chance to generate particles for the team.
Overall Easiest to Acquire and Best for Team
Favonius Codex helps satisfy much of Charlotte’s ER requirements, but she’ll still need an Energy Recharge Sands in order to manage herself. It’s important to try and get as many CRIT Rate substats as possible – at least 25-30% -- in order to ensure consistent Favonius procs.
Prototype Amber
41.3% HP
After Burst use, regenerate 4-6 energy every two seconds for six seconds (maxing out at 12-18 energy). All party members heal 4-6% HP every two seconds for this duration.
Craftable Option
Regenerating energy solves many of Charlotte’s energy requirements, despite the HP% stat doing nothing for her. Refinements are hard to come by, but this is an absolutely free choice.
Genshin Charlotte's Best Artifacts
Sands
– ER% (or ATK%, but stick to ER)
Goblet
– ATK% (more healing)
Circlet
– Healing Bonus or ATK%
There are three main viable artifact sets for Charlotte.
4pc Ocean-Hued Clam
benefits Charlotte’s healing while also allowing her to deal damage through her healing. Otherwise,
Noblesse Oblige
and
Tenacity of the Millelith
4pc sets are both great support options for enhancing your team’s damage. Just don’t have multiple characters with Noblesse or Tenacity in the team – they don’t stack!
Genshin Charlotte's Best Team
Charlotte has several team options, but some of these may be difficult to play without C1, as there may not be enough room for a healer. She fits into plenty of pre-established cores like Hyperbloom and Xiangling teams, which you probably have prepared on your account anyways. Please make sure to check the teammate glossary at the bottom of this guide for a full explanation of possible teammates.
Freeze/Mono-Cryo
The strategy is simple: Gather a mix of Hydro, Cryo, and one Anemo character. Your DPS should capitalize on either Cryo Resonance (more CRIT Rate) or Hydro Resonance (more HP). Charlotte will stay in the backline and provide healing while your Anemo character reduces Cryo/Hydro resistances on enemies. Your flex slot will either make your DPS stronger or contribute off-field damage in a way that synergizes with the DPS (or both!)
For a Mono-Cryo team, just replace your Hydro character with the limited 5-star, Shenhe, and use a Cryo DPS like Ayaka or Wriothesley.
If you need just a little bit more healing, try and use as many Fontaine characters as possible.
Charlotte
Cryo/Hydro DPS
Cryo/Hydro Flex
Anemo (Sucrose for F2P)
Specific Teammate Choices
Cryo Characters
Layla
The best Zhongli-imitator so far. Her shield can approach Zhongli’s shield strength, but the lack of RES shred hurts her viability. However, she is a 4-star which makes her quite accessible.
Rosaria
A well-rounded Cryo unit that can play as a support, on-field DPS, or off-field DPS, depending on build. She shares a portion of her CRIT Rate with the team and deals respectable damage on her own, while generating a decent amount of Cryo particles with her Skill’s short cooldown.
Shenhe
A dedicated Cryo buffer for Cryo DPS’s. The best in her class, and it’s not close.
Wriothesley
A new Cryo based DPS from Fontaine, which will synergize with buffing Charlotte’s healing.
Ayaka
An extremely potent Cryo DPS from Inazuma who works exceptionally well in Freeze teams.
Hydro Characters
Xingqiu
The best 4-star Hydro applicator. His Burst applies Hydro and deals respectable damage in synchonicity with the active character's Normal Attacks and the orbiting swords that act as defensive utility also apply Hydro to enemies when in direct contact. Charlotte, however, will need to change his playstyle to accommodate this character’s need for Normal Attacks. Simply use a Normal Attack before Charlotte’s special Charged Attack to accommodate this.
Yelan
Mainly best for amplifying teammates DMG% while dealing high HP-scaling damage. Very similar to Xingqiu, but less application and no defensive utility. Yelan is a generically strong character. Charlotte, however, will need to change his playstyle to accommodate this character’s need for Normal Attacks. Simply use a Normal Attack before Charlotte’s special Charged Attack to accommodate this.
Ayato
An excellent on-field Hydro DPS and driver for characters like Fischl, Beidou, Xingqiu, and Yelan.
Neuvillette
A Fontainian on-field DPS who benefits from Freeze teams, due to immobilized enemies allowing Neuvillette to not require a shielder to keep his powerful attacks from being interrupted.
Furina
The Hydro Archon of Fontaine. She consumes the HP of her party in order to offer some buffs and healing, and Charlotte could help compensate for the HP drain of the party. Furina is highly likely to be paired with Neuvillette.
Anemo Utility Options
(all assumed to be equipping 4pc Viridescent Venerer)
Kazuha
The best all-around choice for most Anemo needs. Kazuha scales well with EM, provides a huge DMG% buff to teammates depending on what elements he swirls in his Burst, offers good crowd control, and has short cooldowns on his entire kit.
Sucrose
Sometimes better than Kazuha, depending on the team comp, due to her ability to share a portion of her Elemental Mastery with the team, wield Catalysts known for their support functions, and apply Anemo and Swirl with Normal Attacks. She offers crowd control and energy generation ontop of decent driving capabilities.
Venti
The Anemo Archon and the god of crowd control. He can buff teammates while equipping Elegy for the End and is an excellent choice against large amounts of enemies.
Jean
or
Sayu
These characters fulfil similar roles in their ability to heal as well as Swirl. Jean has special synergy with Bennett, but since Bennett is less needed on these teams, we can argue that their usefulness is equivalent to one another.
Other Options
Zhongli
The best shielder in the game, and it’s not close. Zhongli’s shield is practically indestructible with 100% uptime, and can even replace a healer if you’re responsible with resetting the shield. Not only that, but it reduces all enemy resistances to all elements, including physical, by 20%. Surely representative of a god.
Up Next:
Genshin Charlotte Materials
Previous
Genshin Furina Materials
Next
Genshin Charlotte Materials
Top Guide Sections
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna IV Release Time and Details
Genshin Impact Luna III Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna II Release Date and Details
Was this guide helpful?
Leave feedback
In This Guide
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Initial Release:
Sep 27, 2020
+2
Learn more
Go to comments