Genshin Impact: Charlotte Team Composition Guide
By
Nahda Nabiilah
Published
Nov 7, 2023, 10:58 PM EST
Nahda Nabiilah is a writer and editor from Indonesia. She has always loved writing and playing games, so one day she decided to combine the two. Most of the time, writing gaming guides is a blast for her, due to it being two of Nahda's favorite things. She strives to make detailed and easy-to-follow guides.
Sign in to your
GameRant
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Charlotte
Cryo
Catalyst
Fontaine
Guides
Ascension
Builds
Weapons
Team Comp
Constellation
Player Mistakes
Back to All Characters
After waiting for many versions,
Genshin Impact
players finally get their first
Cryo Catalyst character in
Genshin Impact
4.1 with Wriothesley’s debut. One version later, Charlotte became the second Cryo Catalyst unit in
Genshin Impact
4.2. However, unlike Wriothesley who plays as a DPS, Charlotte is made to be a typical healer support.
When it comes to
Charlotte's team comp
in
Genshin Impact
,
she can practically work in any team that requires a healer. She doesn’t have any special or niche abilities, so she’s more flexible, but at the same time, this means she can hardly shine. For instance, Mika is highly limited to Physical teams, but he can bring Physical DMG to a whole new level. Meanwhile, as a plain healer, Charlotte will likely be benched with other vanilla healers like Barbara.
Related
Genshin Impact: How To Get Snow-Tombed Starsilver Claymore
Snow-Tombed Starsilver is a forgeable Genshin Impact Claymore that can be obtained for free in Dragonspine.
Posts
By
Nahda Nabiilah
One major thing about Charlotte, however, is her ability to wield the Catalyst. This means she’s a top contender for the renowned
Thrilling Tales of the Dragon Slayers
, which would be the primary reason why people would want to opt for the Steambird journalist instead of other healers.
Freeze Team
Other than to utilize her healing, the most obvious Charlotte
team comp in
Genshin Impact
is the Freeze team. This is because the journalist can deal Cryo DMG periodically while also making an AoE that heals active characters within. Viable Hydro enablers in this team composition include characters like Furina, Neuvillette, Ayato, Kokomi, Xingqiu, Yelan, and Mona.
Travelers can bring Hydro DPS
to the team, but they can also opt for other variations like Anemo Swirl or even Vaporize/Melt with Pyro.
For instance, people can do:
Charlotte + Furina + Shenhe + Ganyu
Charlotte + Mona + Ayaka + Venti
Charlotte + Furina + Xiangling + Neuvillette
Charlotte + Wanderer + Faruzan + Bennett
Cryo Resonance Team
Since Charlotte can wield Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers, she can be a valuable support to enable Cryo Resonance while also granting massive ATK buff to the DPS. This can even be further amplified by supports like Bennett, Shenhe, and Kazuha. Pairing several buffers can make units like Wriothesley and Ganyu have a far higher DMG.
Having more Cryo characters also allows Charlotte to regain her Elemental Burst quickly. Since her healing comes from her Ultimate, having enough Energy Recharge or Particle production is crucial. Players can use Favonius Codex to handle this Energy issue, but making Charlotte a battery and giving up on Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers’ ATK buff can completely ruin the whole idea of the journalist. If people are looking for a battery,
older characters like Diona
can work just fine, and there’ll be no need to waste resources on Charlotte.
Charlotte + Wriothesley + Kazuha + Bennett
Charlotte + Ayaka + Furina + Shenhe
Charlotte + Ganyu + Venti + Mona
Charlotte + Shenhe + Wriothesley + Xingqiu
8
/10
Genshin Impact
Like
Follow
Followed
RPG
Action
Adventure
Gacha
Open-World
Systems
OpenCritic Reviews
Top Critic Avg:
81
/100
Critics Rec:
87%
Released
September 28, 2020
ESRB
Teen / Alcohol Reference, Fantasy Violence, In-Game Purchases (Includes Random Items), Users Interact
Developer(s)
HoYoverse (Formerly miHoYo)
Publisher(s)
HoYoverse (Formerly miHoYo)
Engine
Unity
Multiplayer
Online Co-Op
Cross-Platform Play
All platforms
Where to play
Close
WHERE TO PLAY
SUBSCRIPTION
DIGITAL
Step into Teyvat, a vast world teeming with life and flowing with elemental energy.
You and your sibling arrived here from another world. Separated by an unknown god, stripped of your powers, and cast into a deep slumber, you now awake to a world very different from when you first arrived.
Thus begins your journey across Teyvat to seek answers from The Seven — the gods of each element. Along the way, prepare to explore every inch of this wondrous world, join forces with a diverse range of characters, and unravel the countless mysteries that Teyvat holds...
MASSIVE OPEN WORLD
Climb any mountain, swim across any river, and glide over the world below, taking in the jaw-dropping scenery each step of the way. And if you stop to investigate a wandering Seelie or strange mechanism, who knows what you might discover?
ELEMENTAL COMBAT SYSTEM
Harness the seven elements to unleash elemental reactions. Anemo, Electro, Hydro, Pyro, Cryo, Dendro, and Geo interact in all sorts of ways, and Vision wielders have the power to turn this to their advantage.
Will you vaporize Hydro with Pyro, electro-charge it with Electro, or freeze it with Cryo? Your mastery of the elements will give you the upper hand in battle and exploration.
BEAUTIFUL VISUALS
Feast your eyes on the world around you, with a stunning art style, real-time rendering, and finely tuned character animations delivering you a truly immersive visual experience. Lighting and weather all change naturally over time, bringing every detail of this world to life.
SOOTHING SOUNDTRACK
Let the beautiful sounds of Teyvat draw you in as you explore the expansive world around you. Performed by the London Philharmonic Orchestra, the soundtrack changes seamlessly with the time and gameplay to match the mood.
BUILD YOUR DREAM TEAM
Team up with a diverse cast of characters in Teyvat, each with their own unique personalities, stories, and abilities. Discover your favorite party combinations and level up your characters to help you conquer even the most daunting of enemies and domains.
JOURNEY WITH FRIENDS
Team up with friends across various platforms to trigger more elemental action, tackle tricky boss fights, and conquer challenging domains together to reap rich rewards.
As you stand atop the peaks of Jueyun Karst and take in the rolling clouds and vast terrain stretching out before you, you may wish to stay in Teyvat a little longer... But until you are reunited with your lost sibling, how can you rest? Go forth, Traveler, and begin your adventure!
Platform(s)
PlayStation 5
,
PlayStation 4
,
Xbox Series X
,
Xbox Series S
,
PC
,
iOS
,
Android
Genre(s)
RPG
,
Action
,
Adventure
, Gacha,
Open-World
Powered by
Expand
Collapse
Video Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which recently released Nintendo cozy game do you prefer?
Pokemon Pokopia
Pokemon Pokopia
57.6%
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
42.4%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
One Piece's Devil Fruits are Now Available in Japan as Sweets Along with Many More New Products for Fans
Pokopia Player Gives Rocky Ridges an Incredible Makeover
Pokemon GO Players Think They've Solved the Mystery of Where Silicobra Spawns