Genshin Impact
Version 4.2
debuts the 4* character
“Lens of Verity”
Charlotte
(cryo/catalyst). She was the first Fontaine character to be introduced in the story. This guide will explain everything about how to build Charlotte and play her in her best teams in Genshin Impact.
Genshin Impact Charlotte Guide: Materials, Weapons, and, Artifacts
Materials
As a Cryo character, Charlotte uses
Shivada Jade
stones for ascension and they can be obtained from the
Cryo Hypostasis
and the
Cryo Regisvine
. Her other ascension material,
Tourbillon Device
can be obtained from the new boss introduced in version 4.1, the
Prototype Cal. Breguet
. The boss materials for her talents can be obtained from the
All-Devouring Narwhal
weekly boss. Players can check this out for
a
detailed breakdown of Charlotte’s materials
.
Image via HoYoverse
Weapons
Charlotte’s best weapon is
Cashflow Supervision
, while
Favonius Codex
is a good free-to-play option. Check out our article for
a list of Charlotte’s best weapons
.
Artifacts
For the Sands, try to use ATK%, but if you are lacking in ER, then use ER%. For the Goblet, go for ATK% if it’s a pure healer build, and Cryo DMG bonus% if it’s a DPS build. For the Circlet, ATK% or CRIT for DPS build and Healing Bonus% for healer build. She needs 160-190% ER to be able to use her burst regularly.
Sands
Goblet
Circlet
ER% or ATK%
ATK% or Cryo DMG bonus%
ATK% or Healing bonus%
The best artifact set for Charlotte is the
4pc
Tenacity of the Millelith
. Check out our guide for
Charlotte’s best artifact sets
.
Genshin Impact Charlotte Guide: Playstyle, Team Comps, and Constellations
Playstyle
Charlotte’s playstyle is incredibly simple, just use her Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst whenever they are ready. Check out our guide for
an in-depth ex
planation of Charlotte’s abilities and playstyle
.
Image via HoYoverse
Team Comps
Charlotte can be used in any team that requires frequent Cryo application and instant party-wide healing. As such, she has pretty decent synergy with Furina. She can also be a part of any Freeze team, as well as Bloom or Hyperbloom teams. Check this article for
a detailed explanation of Charlotte’s optimal teams
.
Constellations
Image by HoYoverse
All of her constellations are worth having and there is no stopping point. That said, she does not need constellations to function properly. Players can check out this article for
a detailed breakdown of Charlotte’s constellations
.
Final Thoughts
Charlotte is a pretty good burst healer and her off-field Cryo application is better than most other 4* Cryo characters. Healing is the most important part of her kit but since both her DMG and healing scale off of ATK, she can even be built as an on-field DPS for those who like her unique attack animation.
Read out other articles on Genshin Impact here
What are your thoughts on the Genshin Impact Charlotte
Guide? Do you have any other suggestions mentioned not in our guide, to play as Neuvillette
in Genshin Impact?
Let us know in the comment section below!
For more Mobile Gaming news and updates, join our
WhatsApp group
,
Telegram Group
,
or
Discord server
. Also, follow us on
Google News
,
Instagram
, and
Twitter
for quick updates.
Tags
Gacha Games
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse