The Best Charlotte Build In Genshin Impact
By
Sanyam Jain
Published
Nov 12, 2023, 5:15 PM EST
Sanyam Jain is a Staff Writer at TheGamer who has worked as a professional gaming journalist since 2022. A Journalism and Mass Communication graduate, he has been testing the limits of the games he plays for as long as he can remember.
An expert in RPG, Open-World, and Gacha games, Sanyam's articles are based on hours upon hours of testing with every new character, mechanic, or puzzle to ensure that you get every information you'll need about it.
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
All-Heal Charlotte Build
Charlotte Artifact Stat Priority
Charlotte Talent Priority
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
If you've just started playing
Genshin Impact
, most of your teams will be made out of four-star characters. However, some of these four-star characters can stay on your team even when you're in the late game since they provide general utility like healing or phenomenal buffs to your team.
Related
Genshin Impact: Best Builds For Furina
Furina is the fifth Archon to be released as a playable character in Genshin Impact, and here's everything you need to know about her best builds.
Posts
By
Sanyam Jain
Charlotte is one such character since, apart from dealing a bit of damage, she can heal your entire team during her Burst. Unfortunately, she doesn't have much else going for her, which makes her quite a niche character to use and build.
All-Heal Charlotte Build
Weapons -
Favonius Codex, Oathsworn Eye
Artifact Set -
Ocean-Hued Clam
Charlotte's Elemental Skill applies an effect on up to five enemies and deals Cryo DMG to them at regular intervals. However, this is
better used for Cryo applications than damage since the multipliers aren't too high
. These multipliers remain low even for her Burst, which makes her best only while you're trying to heal.
She was released alongside Furina for the first time, and
HoYoverse probably meant to build her as a dedicated support for the Archon
. Thankfully, with this build, you can still use her as a decent healer on any team where you wouldn't mind Cryo being applied to the enemies.
Her Cryo application can be used in Freeze teams whereas this application
doesn't matter too much in Dendro-based teams
.
Favonius Codex is a great weapon for this since its high Energy Recharge helps her get the Burst faster while the
particle generation can help both her and her teammates get some extra Energy
. This is especially good if you use her with Furina since she has quite a difficult time in getting her Burst back.
On the other hand, Oathsworn Eye can
increase both her Energy Recharge and ATK
(her healing scales on this stat) as well. Both of these weapons are great for Furina, but she might not have the same flexibility in artifacts. Ocean-Hued Clam is the best one you can use if you want to go for the four-piece
because of its healing effectiveness and a little extra damage
.
However, it might be better to use a two-piece Ocean-Hued and a two-piece
ATK Percent artifact set like Shimenawa or Gladiator on her
.
Charlotte Artifact Stat Priority
Being a four-star, Charlotte is one of the easier characters to understand and build
since her kit is fairly straightforward
. Here are all the artifact stats you should be looking for her:
Artifact Type
Main Stat Priority
Sub-Stat Priority
Flower
HP
ATK Percent > Energy Recharge
Feather
ATK
ATK Percent > Energy Recharge
Sands
Energy Recharge/ATK Percent
ATK Percent/Energy Recharge > Elemental Mastery
Goblet
ATK Percent
Energy Recharge > Elemental Mastery
Circlet
ATK Percent
Energy Recharge > Elemental Mastery
Since it's so easy to build Charlotte, you can always try to
give her a decent Crit Ratio to get a bit of DMG from her
.
Charlotte Talent Priority
Much like every other character, Charlotte also has a set of three talents that can be upgraded up to level ten. However, she
requires very little resource investment if you aren't planning to build her on damage
. You can simply upgrade her Elemental Burst and put a few levels into the Skill if you want to.
However, it's still recommended to have the Skill upgraded to at least level eight since the extra DMG, albeit not a lot,
will still help you defeat enemies a little faster
.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: Best Weapons For Charlotte
Live-Service Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
26.3%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
19.7%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.1%
007 First Light
007 First Light
9.1%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.6%
Other
Other
21.1%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Peter Molyneux Says Fable's Missing Morality-Based Body Changes Are "A Real Shame"
Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 Sells Eight Million Copies in One Year
Everything Announced At Final Fantasy 14's NA FanFest