The General Mahamatra, Cyno
, is a 5-star polearm user possessing the Electro vision, making him an effective main DPS character in Genshin Impact. Cyno has some exceptionally potent Elemental and Normal Attacks and has a high DMG output if Travelers know how to build him efficiently.
There are plenty of viable weapons and artifact options that can have a direct result in producing the best team compositions based on his capabilities. We’ll look at the best build for Cyno, including the best practical free, craftable, and paid weapons, artifacts, and team compositions to run with him in Genshin Impact.
Best Weapons For Cyno In Genshin Impact
Determining the best weapons that
Cyno
can utilize boils down to which are more practical and accessible. As these are increasingly becoming more finessed due to specific characters, their Elemental types, and abilities, finding weapons that suit the Electro polearm wielder isn’t too complicated.
Travelers can obtain the Staff of the Scarlet Sands from the Epitome Invocation banner. (Picture: Twitter / Gemnshin Impact)
There are plenty of great weapon options to equip on Cyno, particularly for those who are trying out the character or don’t have enough Wishes or Pity to use on the weapon banners.
In particular, the
3-star White Tassel
polearm is by far the most accessible due to its efficiency on the value of resources used to refine the weapon. It also has an excellent CRIT Rate and DMG output, which can compare with most 4-star weapon options in Genshin Impact.
This polearm can significantly increase the DMG output of Normal Attacks by 48% when the weapon reaches the max refinement level, making it a perfect and reliable option.
Then, there are great 4-star options like
the
Moonpiercer
and
Kitain Cross Spear
, in which both weapons share the same base ATK and Elemental Mastery stats but have varying differences.
The Kitane Cross Spear will increase Elemental Skill DMG by 6%, while the Moonpiercer grants the wielder an ATK buff for 12 seconds. Similarly, the latest polearm weapon,
the Missive Windspear
, will work well with Cyno’s stats by increasing ATK by 12% and Elemental Mastery by 48.
The Missive Windspear is a great 4-star polearm option for Cyno, which can be obtained through an event. (Picture: HoYoverse)
For 5-star weapon options, the
Staff of the Scarlet Sands
is by far the better weapon for Cyno in Genshin Impact; it comes with a massive CRIT Rate DMG percentage of 40.2%, which compliments Cyno’s high DMG output.
The
Primordial Jade Winged-Spear
and the
Vortex Vanquisher
are other viable 5-star options with moderate CRIT Rate DMG but may be less potent than
the Scarlet Sands
.
Best Artifacts For Cyno In Genshin Impact
With all the weapon options at Travelers’ disposal, artifacts can further enhance Cyno’s attacks as an on-field DPS in Genshin Impact. Additionally, these artifact sets can optimize the playstyle, finetune his stats or supplement Cyno with increased DMG output.
The
Thundering Fury
can boost Elemental Reactions, which is excellent for Electro-based team compositions as the cooldown rate decreases by one second, making reactions much faster. The
Thundersoother
is another artifact option that boosts DMG against enemies inflicted by Electro DMG, making it a more versatile choice for any team composition.
The Gilded Dream artifacts will grant Cyno increased ATK and Elemental Mastery based on the Elemental type of his party members. (Picture: YouTube / Genshin Impact)
The Gilded Dreams artifact set
grants the wielder buffs depending on the Elemental type of the remaining party members, which also increases ATK by 14% and Elemental Mastery by 50. The increased Elemental Mastery enhances Cyno’s Elemental Reaction DMG, which compliments the Staff of the Scarlet Sands polearm if equipped.
The
Gladiator’s Finale
is the last artifact as an option for Cyno, which increases the Normal Attack DMG by 35% should the equipped character wield a sword, claymore, or polearm. While this DMG increase doesn’t impact Cyno’s Elemental Skill DMG, losing at least half of his DPS potential makes it a less viable option than the Thundersoother.
Best Team Compositions For Cyno In Genshin Impact
With Cyno positioned as a melee Electro DPS, he’ll thrive under Elemental Reaction-based teams but can still be as effective in a non-Dendro team setup in Genshin Impact. In contrast, his DPS output and Elemental Scaling potency will significantly weaken compared to Dendro team compositions.
Thriving off in Dendro Reaction-based teams, pair Cyno up with the Dendro Traveler for increased DMG. (Picture: Twitch / Genshin Impact Official)
Cyno will best work with characters that sustain long durations of Dendro applications when off-field, without spending time on-field to recharge their energy. While they aren’t many options available, Cyno can be paired up with Dendro Traveller, any Electro character for the double Electro off-field DPS like Fischl and Zhongli to increase Cyno’s survivability on-field or gain a higher DPS healing from Kaedehara Kazuha.
Other team compositions built around Cyno and the Dendro Traveller include Hydro supports like Yelan and Xingqiu. They both have extended Elemental Burst capabilities that scale on Normal Attacks and work well for Hyperbloom reactions.
Finally, the last slot can be filled by a double Electro pairing like Beidou or Fischl, Anemo support from either Kazuha or Sucrose or Zhongli for a dedicated healer.
We want to thank the
YouTube channel Zy0x
for their complete breakdown of the best build for Cyno in Genshin Impact. Please consider subscribing to their channel for more content.
For all the content from Teyvat, check out our section dedicated to the latest
Genshin Impact news, updates, guides, features
, and more. Also, make sure to follow our
Genshin Impact Twitter account
.
Featured image courtesy of HoYoverse.