Task Search
Checklists
Guides
Markers
Videos
Sort and Filter
No Results
Checklists
New Checklist
All Lists
My Checklists
All
All Lists
My Checklists
How creative can you get with your first free checklist?
Create a free account
All Interactive Maps and Locations
Genshin Cyno Build Guide: Best Weapon, Artifacts, and Team
By
Cedric Pabriga
,
Jen Rothery
,
Triforce
,
+30 more
Updated
:
Nov 9, 2022 1:33pm UTC
Looking for the best
Genshin Impact Cyno build
? Cyno is a 5-star Electro Polearm user and the head of the Matra, the discipliniary arm of of the
Sumeru
Akadeymia.
If you've added Cyno to your roster from the
Cyno banner
, Cyno benefits from higher elemental mastery which buffs his elemental burst. Because of this, it's recommended to set him up with a team that can also take advantage of the elemental mastery he's going to accumulate.
The Best Genshin Impact Cyno Build
Cyno is a main DPS using a polearm assisted by the power of his electro vision. He has destructive power during his Pactsworn Pathclearer, which is activated by his elemental burst, and can even extend it with his elemental skill. This will, in turn, make it so that the elemental burst will have little to no cooldown at all as long as you hit the resets.
Cyno's passive talents will increase the damage of his elemental burst the higher his elemental mastery is. Because of this, you want to pump him with as much elemental mastery as possible; and because you're pumping him with lots of elemental mastery, it'll also be a missed opportunity to not take advantage of it by putting characters that will also set up elemental reactions for him.
For talents, you want to max out his elemental burst first, then normal attack, and then his elemental skill.
Best Cyno Team Composition
For Cyno, you want to include characters that can take advantage of his abilities. Since he becomes immune to electro-charged while in his Pactsworn Pathclearer form, you might want to include a hydro character. A sample team composition would be:
Yelan
Cyno
Collei
Dori
Yelan would be able to provide the electro-charged effect with her burst and Collei is an effective dendro applicator for catalyze and more reactions. Dori's main role here aside from being a healer is a battery, having another electro in the team will help Cyno regenerate lots of energy because his energy cost is at 80. Since Cyno is the main DPS of this team, it's going to be up to him to provide the damage.
Interested in more information about Cyno? Check out these links!
Cyno Banner and Abilities
Cyno Ascension Materials Guide
Best Cyno Weapons
Cyno's best weapon is going to be the weapon banner he came with, the
Staff of the Scarlet Sands
. However, if you're F2P, you might want to have your eye on the other weapons on this table as they're all really good choices.
You can also do a little experimentation; if you feel like you're having trouble with energy, you're going to want to use energy recharge weapons. While if you're having trouble with damage, you want to go with ATK or Elemental Mastery.
Name
Attribute
In-Game Description
The Catch
Energy Recharge
Shanty
Increases Elemental Burst DMG by 16% and Elemental Burst CRIT Rate by 6%.
Prototype Starglitter
Energy Recharge
Magic Affinity
After using an Elemental Skill, increases Normal and Charged Attack DMG by 8% for 12s. Max 2 stacks.
Moonpiercer
Elemental Mastery
Stillwood Moonshadow
After triggering Burning, Quicken, Aggravate, Spread, Bloom, Hyperbloom, or Burgeon, a Leaf of Revival will be created around the character for a maximum of 10s.
When picked up, the Leaf will grant the character 16% ATK for 12s. Only 1 Leaf can be generated this way every 20s. This effect can still be triggered if the character is not on the field.
Calamity Queller
ATK
Extinguishing Precept
Gain 12% All Elemental DMG Bonus.
Obtain Consummation for 20s after using an Elemental Skill, causing ATK to increase by 3.2% per second. This ATK increase has a maximum of 6 stacks. When the character equipped with this weapon is not on the field, Consummation's ATK increase is doubled.
Staff of the Scarlet Sands
Critical Rate %
The equipping character gains 52% of their Elemental Mastery as bonus ATK. When an Elemental Skill hits opponents, the Dream of the Scarlet Sands effect will be gained for 10s: The equipping character will gain 28% of their Elemental Mastery as bonus ATK. Max 3 stacks.
Best Cyno Artifacts
Cyno's best artifact would be
Gilded Dreams
, which works well with the suggested team above.
Thundering Fury
focuses more on the offensive capabilities of Cyno through elemental reactions.
Stat priorities for Sands would be ATK, Goblet would be Electro DMG, and Circlet CRIT RATE/CRIT DMG- whichever one you need badly. If you want to go for more Elemental Mastery, you can switch out Goblet Electro DMG to an EM Goblet and it should be fine.
Artifact Name
2-Piece
4-Piece
Gilded Dreams
Elemental Mastery + 80
Within 8 seconds of triggering an Elemental Reaction, the character equipping this will obtain buffs based on the Elemental Type of the other party members. ATK is increased by 14% for each member whose Elemental Type is the same as the equipping character, and EM is increased by 50 for every member with a different Elemental Type.
Each of the buffs will count up to 3 characters. This effect can be triggered once every 8s and even when not on the field.
Thundering Fury
Electro DMG Bonus + 15%
Increases damage caused by Overloaded, Electro-Charged, Superconduct, and Hyperbloom by 40%, and the DMG Bonus conferred by Aggravate is increased by 20%.
When Quicked or the aforementioned Elemental Reactions are triggered, Elemental Skill CD is decreased by 1s. Can only occur once every 0.8s
Up Next:
Genshin Dehya Banner and Abilities
Previous
Cyno Ascension Materials Guide
Next
Genshin Dehya Banner and Abilities
Top Guide Sections
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna IV Release Time and Details
Genshin Impact Luna III Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna II Release Date and Details
Was this guide helpful?
Leave feedback
In This Guide
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Initial Release:
Sep 27, 2020
+2
Learn more
Go to comments