The character challenges for "Envisaged Echoes" will be constantly updated. In the first season, challenges will be available for the following 5 characters:
Jean
Qiqi
Diluc
Ningguang
Kirara
Please refresh the page if some of the images are broken.
How to Unlock Envisaged Echoes
Adventure Rank 35 or above
Complete and finalize a combat performance in Act 6 or higher of the Imaginarium Theater.
Envisaged Echoes Gameplay Details
You will need to use "Keys of Echoes" to unlock character challenge stages. Unlocking challenge stages for 1 character requires 2 Keys of Echoes.
During each season of the Imaginarium Theater, you can claim Keys of Echoes by fulfilling certain requirements during performances. You will also initially get 2 Keys when you unlock the gameplay for the first time.
Envisaged Echoes Challenge Details
After unlocking a character challenge stage, you MUST fulfill the following requirements to begin the challenge:
Character must be Level 90
Character's Friendship Level must be at least 8
You can have up to 4 Keys of Echoes at once, and will not be able to claim more Keys at the limit. To avoid not being able to claim more Keys of Echoes, you can unlock character challenge stages first, then go complete the challenges once you meet the requirements.
After a challenge stage has been unlocked, you can challenge it multiple times.
Envisaged Echoes Jean Guide
Jean Build
Remember that the Jean in the stage is YOUR OWN JEAN (and NOT trial character). If your Jean isn't built, it will be extremely hard to complete the challenge because you need to defeat multiple waves of enemies within the time limit while also healing herself. So gather up some weapon and artifacts for her before starting the challenge.
Recommended (F2P) builds for this stage:
Favonius Sword / Sacrificial R5
Virirescent Venerer 4-set bonus (ATK or Energy Recharge / Anemo DMG / Crit Rate or DMG)
Minimum Talent (1/6/6)
Dandelion Knight
Challenge Objective:
Protect the target and defeat all opponents
Special Rules: Your character will be periodically inflicted with Smoldering Flaes during this challenge, causing you to continuously take Pyro DMG until the inflicted is removed.
When the wave starts, use Jean's HOLD Skill to yeet the enemies out of the platforms. They will be counted as dead and the next wave will starts. Do this until the end of the challenge.
When her Skill is on cooldown, you can use her Charged ATK to stagger the Treasure Hoarders. You can also stagger them in one direction to gather all of them at one spot before using Hold Skill to throw them out.
Once Jean's Burst is full, immediately uses Burst to heal herself. Although the debuff will apply again after that, you can heal again using Burst. This is the repetition in the stage; Yeet enemies using Hold Skill > Get Energy > Use Burst to heal > Repeat.
Oh yeah, her Normal Attack also has a 50% chance to heal, so try to use her NA alongside Skill and CA.