Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Jean best build, Talent and Ascension materials, weapon, and team
Everything you need to know about Jean in Genshin Impact.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Guide
by
Jessica Orr
Senior Guides Writer
Published on
April 10, 2024
Follow Genshin Impact
Jean
is a 5-Star Anemo character who has been in
Genshin Impact
since the very beginning.
Jean is featured as one the boosted 5-Star characters in the the permanent Wanderlust Invocation and Beginners' Banners, and she has been on the Chronicled Wish Banner. You can also get Jean by losing the
50/50 chance
to get a character on their limited-time
Banner
Whether you have her, or want to prepare for if you get her, it's good to know the
best Jean build
in
Genshin Impact
, including her
best Artifacts
and
best team
. It's also handy to learn what her
Constellation
perks are, and what
Jean Talent materials
and
Ascension materials
are needed to level up Jean to her full potential.
On this page:
Jean materials and stats
:
Jean's kit
Jean Talent materials
Jean Ascension materials
Jean Constellations
Jean build
:
How to play Jean in Genshin Impact
Best Jean team
Best Jean Artifacts
Best Jean weapon
Best Jean build
Be sure to check out our
beginner's guide with tips and tricks
, and
Genshin Impact codes
page to get free
Primogems
that can be used towards unlocking Jean and other characters.
Genshin Impact Jean kit
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Jean is a
5-Star Anemo character who uses a sword
and excels in team healing while imbuing teammates with Anemo to create Swirls and react with other Elements.
Here's a summary of
Jean's kit in Genshin Impact
:
Element
: Anemo.
Rarity
: 5-Star.
Weapon
: Sword.
Normal Attack
: Favonius Bladework.
Elemental Skill
: Gale Blade.
Elemental Burst
: Dandelion Breeze.
Passive one
: Wind Companion - On hit, Jean's normal attacks have a 50% chance to regenerate HP equal to 15% of Jean's attack stat for all party members.
Passive two
: Let the Wind Lead - Using Dandelion Breeze will regenerate 20% of its Energy.
Cooking bonus
: Guiding Breeze - When Perfect Cooking is achieved on a dish with restorative effects, there is a 12% chance to obtain double the product.
Jean Normal Attack - Favonius Bladework
Tapping the normal attack button makes Jean perform up to five consecutive strikes, but charging the normal attack instead consumes stamina to launch an opponent using the power of wind, with launched opponents slowly falling to the ground over time.
Plunging from the air harms all enemies on the way down, then deals AOE (area of effect) damage upon impact.
Jean Elemental Skill - Gale Blade
Jean releases a miniature storm, launching opponents in the direction she aims at, dealing Anemo damage. At the cost of continued stamina consumption, Jean can command the whirlwind to pull surrounding opponents and objects towards her, and the direction can be adjusted. However, Jean is immobile while doing this.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Jean Elemental Burst - Dandelion Breeze
Jean creates a swirling Dandelion Field, launching surrounding opponents and dealing Anemo damage. At the same time, she instantly regenerates a large amount of HP for all party members, with the amount of HP restored scaled off Jean's attack stat.
While active, Dandelion Field continuously regenerates the HP of characters within its AOE, and continuously imbues them with Anemo. The field also deals Anemo damage to opponents entering or exiting it.
Genshin Impact Jean Talent materials
Dvalin's Plume. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
To get the most out of using Jean, you will have to level her skills up by using Talent materials, which vary from character-to-character.
You need to farm a lot of Damaged Mask and Resistance materials (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade Jean's capabilities.
As Jean has three Talents, you will have to spend three times the Talent materials listed below to fully upgrade all of her abilities, which we've also detailed below the table.
Here's what Jean Talent materials you need to improve one of her abilities:
Jean Talent level
Jean Talent materials
Mora cost
Level 2
x3 Teachings of Resistance, x6 Damaged Mask
12,500
Level 3
x2 Guide to Resistance, x3 Stained Mask
17,500
Level 4
x4 Guide to Resistance, x4 Stained Mask
25,000
Level 5
x6 Guide to Resistance, x6 Stained Mask
30,000
Level 6
x9 Guide to Resistance, x9 Stained Mask
37,500
Level 7
x4 Philosophies of Resistance, x4 Ominous Mask, x1 Dvalin's Plume
120,000
Level 8
x6 Philosophies of Resistance, x6 Ominous Mask, x1 Dvalin's Plume
260,000
Level 9
x12 Philosophies of Resistance, x9 Ominous Mask, x2 Dvalin's Plume
450,000
Level 10
x16 Philosophies of Resistance, x12 Ominous Mask, x2 Dvalin's Plume, x1 Crown of Insight
700,000
Here's what Talent Materials you'll need to fully upgrade
one
of Jean's skills:
x1 Crown of Insight
x3 Teachings of Resistance
x6 Damaged Mask
x6 Dvalin's Plume
x21 Guide to Resistance
x22 Stained Mask
x31 Ominous Mask
x38 Philosophies of Resistance
1,652,500 Mora
To upgrade all
three
of Jean's skills, here's all the Talent Materials you'll need:
x3 Crown of Insight
x9 Teachings of Resistance
x18 Damaged Mask
x18 Dvalin's Plume
x63 Guide to Resistance
x66 Stained Mask
x93 Ominous Mask
x114 Philosophies of Resistance
4,957,500 Mora
Genshin Impact Jean Ascension materials
Dandelion Seed. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Just like Talents, you need to use Jean Ascension materials to upgrade her health, attack, defence, and critical hit effectiveness.
You need to farm a lot of Dandelion Seed and Damaged Mask materials for Jean (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade her capabilities.
Unlike Talent materials, you only need to spend the below Ascension materials once to fully raise Jean to her highest character level. There is also Acquaint Fate rewarded for reaching certain Ascension levels. You can spend this Fate on the
standard and beginner Banners
to Wish for characters and weapons.
Here's what Jean Ascension materials and Mora you need to upgrade her for each Ascension level:
Jean Ascension level
Jean Ascension materials
Mora cost
Ascension reward
Level 20
x1 Vayuda Turquoise Sliver, x3 Dandelion Seed, x3 Damaged Mask
20,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 40
x3 Vayuda Turquoise Fragment, x2 Hurricane Seed, x10 Dandelion Seed, x15 Damaged Mask
40,000
None
Level 50
x6 Vayuda Turquoise Fragment, x4 Hurricane Seed, x20 Dandelion Seed, x12 Stained Mask
60,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 60
x3 Vayuda Turquoise Chunk, x8 Hurricane Seed, x30 Dandelion Seed, x18 Stained Mask
80,000
None
Level 70
x6 Vayuda Turquoise Chunk, x12 Hurricane Seed, x45 Dandelion Seed, x12 Ominous Mask
100,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 80
x6 Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone, x20 Hurricane Seed, x60 Dandelion Seed, x24 Ominous Mask
120,000
None
In total, here's
all the Ascension Materials
you need for Jean in Genshin Impact:
x1 Vayuda Turquoise Sliver
x6 Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone
x9 Vayuda Turquoise Fragment
x9 Vayuda Turquoise Chunk
x18 Damaged Mask
x30 Stained Mask
x36 Ominous Mask
x46 Hurricane Seed
x168 Dandelion Seed
420,000 Mora
Genshin Impact Jean Constellations
By getting duplicates of Jean from wishing on Banners, you will receive her Stella Fortuna. This material allows you to unlock Constellation levels, with each upgrade either improving an existing Talent or Passive ability.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Here are all of
Jean's Constellations in Genshin Impact
:
Spiraling Tempest (C1)
: Increases the pulling speed of Gale Blade after holding for more than one second, and increases damage dealt by 40%.
People's Aegis (C2)
: When Jean picks up an Elemental Orb or Particle, all party members have their Movement Speed and Attack Speed increased by 15% for 15 seconds.
When the West Wind Arises (C3)
: Increases the level of Jean's Elemental Burst by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Lands of Dandelion (C4)
: Within the Dandelion Breeze field, all opponents have their Anemo Resistance decreased by 40%.
Outbursting Gust (C5)
: Increases the Level of Jean's Elemental Skill by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Lion's Fang, Fair Protector of Mondstadt (C6)
: Incoming damage is decreased by 35% within the Dandelion Breeze field. Upon leaving the Dandelion Breeze Field, this effect lasts for three attacks or 10 seconds.
How to play Jean in Genshin Impact
The main part of Jean's kit is her Burst, and your goal should be to
activate her Burst as often as possible
so she can provide huge teamwide healing while imbuing your active character with Anemo, so Swirls can help boost your other Elemental attacks. You can also just use her Burst as an emergency heal if you find yourself in a bad situation.
That's really all you have to do with Jean. Just try and have at least one Elemental sub DPS attack active at the same time, like Bennett's Burst, so you can take advantage of that Swirl damage, then enjoy Jean's easy playstyle! Just remember to use her Skill for a little extra damage while providing particles for her Burst.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Although not an essential part of her kit, it's also worth noting that if you hold down Jean's Skill to gather enemies and then launch them directly up, they actually take a fair amount of damage when they drop to the floor, due to fall damage. This doesn't work on larger bosses, but it's a good strat for helping out with small and humanoid-type enemies.
Best Jean team in Genshin Impact
Jean and Furina make an excellent support team. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
As Jean is primarily a healer and Swirl enabler, she can be slotted into just about any team that needs either of these buffs. That said, she shines when you need both at the same time, like when paired with arguably the best buffer in the game,
Furina
. With Jean and Furina, you can then experiment with a huge variety of teams in Genshin Impact, most notably Hydro, Pyro, Electro, and Cryo reaction teams. Or, teams like mono Hydro, as they can still benefit from Jean's Swirl and huge Viridescent Venerer perks.
This means
Yelan
and
Xingqiu
work very well alongside Jean too, especially when Furina is used.
Although he's another healer,
Bennett
is another fantastic pairing for Jean, as both of their fields can be active at the same time, letting you Swirl Pyro to react with other Elements on your team (or on enemies). You can also use Jean as a 'battery' for Anemo DPS characters, like
Xiao
.
These are just some examples of good Jean teammates, as she really can slot into a wide variety of teams in Genshin Impact. Instead of building a team around Jean, use her in preexisting good teams where she can buff or heal them!
Best Jean Artifacts in Genshin Impact
Part of the Viridescent Venerer set.
As with almost all Anemo support characters, the best Artifact set for Jean in Genshin Impact is the
4-piece Viridescent Venerer
, as it increases Anemo and Swirl damage while decreasing enemies Elemental Resistance to the element infused with Swirl.
However, if your DPS uses an element that can't infuse with Swirl (Anemo, Geo, and Dendro) then you might want to equip either the
4-piece Noblesse Oblige
, or the
4-piece Forgotten Oath of Days Past
. Noblesse Oblige is good for increasing the attack for all party members after a Burst is activated, and Forgotten Oath of Days Past converts Jean's healing into damage.
Generally though, you'll want to stick to the overpowered Viridescent Venerer set, as you can still benefit from it if you're running good sub DPS characters though, as they can benefit from the Swirl reactions even when your DPS can't.
As for Jean's Artifact stats, you'll want to get enough Energy Recharge to consistently use her Burst in your rotations. Once you have enough Energy Recharge, we recommend prioritising attack, as this is what Jean scales off. Crit Rate and Damage are also nice to have to work in a little extra damage.
Healing Bonus is a nice extra to have too, but isn't as important as Energy Recharge and attack/crit stats, unless you're using Jean in a Furina team. Additionally, if you're Swirling Pyro a lot in your team, then you'll actually want to prioritise Elemental Mastery on Jean's Artifact stats.
Best Jean weapon in Genshin Impact
We think that the
5-Star Freedom-Sword
sword is Jean's best weapon in Genshin Impact, due to its boost to its normal, charged, and plunge attack damage for your entire team. However,
Skyward Blade
and
Sacrificial Blade
are good 5-Star picks as well.
That said, one of Jean's best weapons is actually the
4-Star Anemoa Kageuchi
for its boost to attack and the way it can help with Jean's Energy needs. If you don't have Oathsworn Eye yet, then the trusty
Favonious Sword
is a great 4-Star alternative for its energy particle generation on critical hits.
Version 6.4 Phase 2 sees the returning 5-Star
Skirk
and a rerun of
Escoffier
. 

So don't forget to redeem
new codes
for
Primogems
to help pull them, and check out our regularly updated
tier list
.

You need luck from the
Pity and 50/50 systems
to
Wish with Fate
for characters on
Banners
, and you always need the right
Adventure Rank
for events.

Elsewhere, we have
tips and tricks for beginners
.
Genshin Impact best Jean build
If you want to take advantage of her support capabilities while keeping her alive, we have compiled what we think is currently the
best Jean build in Genshin Impact
:
Jean Best Weapon
: 5-Star Freedom-Sworn sword.
Jean Best Artifacts
: 4-piece Viridescent Venerer.
Jean Best team comp
:  Furina, Raiden Shogun, Yelan.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Good luck levelling up Jean in Genshin Impact!