Jean Team Comp Guide - Genshin Impact
jean-team-composition-1
By
Scott Vengel
Updated
Sep 16, 2021, 9:20 PM EDT
Scott Vengel is a writer and hobbyist based in Pennsylvania. From education to video games, he has written in a variety of different fields. He has had a passion for games since his childhood with series like Genshin Impact, the Touhou Project, and Pokemon.
Sign in to your
GameRant
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Jean
Anemo
Sword
Mondstadt
Guides
Ascension
Builds
Weapons
Team Comp
Constellation
Player Mistakes
Back to All Characters
Many players in
Genshin Impact
view healers as the sort of class that is interchangeable. After all, if Qiqi can heal just as well as Jean or Noelle, then what else is there to consider? Sadly, healers make for a class with more complexities than meets the eye; from energy recharge to elemental considerations, players need to consider a lot, even with healing characters.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Team Compositions To Pair With Ganyu
As for Jean, she has a variety of peculiarities that make her different than
the average healer
. From scaled attack to Anemo abilities, there are a variety of ways that Jean teams can be composed. Generally,
Genshin Impact
teams can be composed around three major areas of Jean's gameplay: swirl reactions, crowd control, and of course, healing.
Updated on September 16th, 2021, by Scott Vengel:
In just under a week, Genshin Impact looks to include its newest healer to the mix. With Kokomi's banner releasing on the 21st of September, players have never had more reason to do their research on the best healers in the game. In addition, because Inazuma has released so many different diverse characters, players all around the Genshin Impact community have been notably altering their team compositions. To address these changes, this article will be updated to include more details of Jean's different builds and entries for characters released since the article was first published.
For Swirl Damage:
Talent Priority:
Skill > Burst > Normal Attack
Best Stats:
Attack / Anemo Damage / Elemental Mastery
Worst Stats:
N/A
Best Artifacts:
2 Viridescent Venerer / 2 Gladiator's Finale
Recommended Weapon:
Aquila Favonia
Jean has a proclivity for
utilizing swirl damage
, in both her skill and burst. While her burst only brings swirl damage when opponents cross the threshold of the zone, her skill works much like the Anemo Travelers. Therefore, players building for swirl damage may want to focus on
upgrading her elemental skill first
, and then her elemental burst. Attack (especially Anemo damage) and elemental mastery artifacts are best suited for this build.
Diluc
It goes without saying that one of the
best Pyro applicators
in the game would make for an ideal DPS when Jean focuses on swirl reactions. Even to the day, players will find that Diluc is among the top in DPS, and his Pyro attacks make for a devastating assault from Jean's skill.
Keqing
Keqing makes for a good partner for Diluc, given how easily she can apply Electro to his Pyro movements. This synergy only increases when Jean enters the picture. Keqing has lower HP than other characters on the roster, making a healer essential when using her. Jean increases her damage output with swirl damage, while also offering a steady flow of healing.
Yanfei
Not all players have access to Diluc. Luckily,
Yanfei makes for a good alternative
to Diluc, especially for free-to-play players. The only four-star Pyro catalyst character, Yanfei is actually better for Pyro application than Diluc. Some players may find pairing the two together better, given that it makes for easy Pyro resonance.
Xingqiu
Admittedly, Xingqiu is more suitable for a swirl damage team composition than most other characters. Offering Rain Blades that can transfer users, it is much easier to have Hydro, Pyro, and swirl involved if Xingqiu is around. Otherwise, the player would need to switch constantly between three characters, which can be a hassle.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Builds For Xingqiu
For Crowd Control/Support:
Talent Priority:
Skill > Burst > Normal Attack
Best Stats:
Attack / Critical Attack / HP
Worst Stats:
Elemental Mastery
Best Artifacts:
4 Viridescent Venerer
Recommended Weapon:
Skyward Blade
For players used to Anemo Travelers skill, they will understand Jean's extreme potential to
take care of crowd control
. However, upgrading for a support role is different than optimizing swirl damage. Players should focus on her elemental skill primarily, with the burst and normal attack mattering very little. Artifact-wise, most stats work well for a supporting character.
Ganyu
Ganyu is without a doubt the
queen of DPS
in
Genshin Impact
. While maybe not the best for a swirl-centric team composition, players will find no better option than Ganyu for a support-centric Jean. Certainly, Ganyu can easily destroy swarms of enemies on her own, but Jean's crowd-controlling abilities couldn't hurt by any means.
Rosaria
Rosaria makes for a good alternative to Ganyu, for players that don't have access to the limited character. While
Rosaria has impressive damage
, she's best used against tight groups with quick Cryo strikes. Jean's tactical prowess is exactly what Rosaria's players need to increase her effectiveness.
Xinyan
Often overlooked by the community, Xinyan makes a fairly good pair with Jean. While Xinyan's Pyro talents are useful for a swirl-centric Jean, her skill is arguably better for a crowd control Jean. The more opponents her skill hits, the more devastating it becomes. Players are going to want to use Jean's skill to crowd opponents together, then quickly send Xinyan in for the kill.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Things You Didn't Know About Xinyan
Miscellaneous:
Talent Priority:
Burst > Normal Attack > Skill
Best Stats:
Energy Recharge / Healing Effectiveness / Attack
Worst Stats:
Elemental Mastery / Critical Attack
Best Artifact:
4 Viridescent Venerer
Recommended Weapon:
Skyward Blade
While Jean is a little more sturdy than other healers in the series, she is still ultimately a healer. That said, ensuring that Jean does not fall in battle is an incredibly important task. For those looking to build a healer, upgrading Jean's elemental burst will be the most important focus. As for artifacts, stat boosts in
energy recharge, healing effectiveness, and attack will be most beneficial.
Raiden Shogun
Energy recharge is more beneficial to Jean than many other characters in
Genshin Impact
. Her primary source of attacking power and healing, usefulness is heavily skewed to the elemental burst side for Jean. Of course, this means that Jean needs a ready source of energy recharge (often called a battery); Raiden Shogun fills this role for most characters. With talents designed to increases energy recharge, players that include Raiden Shogun in their team composition will find Jean using her elemental burst more often than those without.
Zhongli
Healers can be fairly vulnerable compared to other team roles in
Genshin Impact
(aside from Noelle, who scales with defense.) Naturally, the
master defensive character
in the game would be a beneficial addition to a Jean team comp. By using Zhongli's impenetrable shielding capabilities, players will find that Jean's skill is less often interrupted.
Noelle
Noelle with Claymore from Genshin Impact
For those looking for the best route between an extra healer and extra support, Noelle makes for the best option by far. Not only does she offer easy shielding, but also gives a little bit of extra healing to the party. This can stop unwanted interruptions when using Jean's skill for crowd control.
Bennett
Should the player not be blessed with good energy recharge artifacts for Jean, then Bennett paired with Keqing may be a better option than Diluc and Keqing. Bennett comes with minor healing capabilities, which can make up for the time it takes to collect particles for Jean's burst. Not only that, but Bennett offers a major damage boost with his talents, making for a stronger DPS.
Diona
Sometimes, there can be benefits to having a secondary healer with Jean. Players often underestimate support healers, viewing them as a jack of all trades but master of none. Granted, Diona is not the best healer in the game, but she offers two benefits. One, she offers at least minor healing to make up for a lack of it from Jean. Two, she offers easy shielding, which is always beneficial.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Mistakes Players Make When Using Diona
Most Optimal Team: Diluc/Xingqiu/Bennett/Jean
While there are multiple different roles for Jean, the best
Genshin Impact
team composition for Jean will draw from her swirl damage and healing excellence. Diluc and Xingqiu are a DPS pair that has the highest potential for swirl and vaporized damage, as well as being the easiest to use. On the other hand, Bennett single-handedly holds the support role, boosting damage and offering minor healing during Jean's recharge phase.
Strategy Guides
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which recently released Nintendo cozy game do you prefer?
Pokemon Pokopia
Pokemon Pokopia
56.7%
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
43.3%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Attack on Titan: Every Jaw Titan User, Ranked
The 10 Greatest Horror Adventure Games Of All Time, Ranked
Pokemon Scarlet and Violet Players Have Until April 30 to Get Free Chesnaught