Genshin Impact New Electro Traveler - Full Details & Best Build
Yooki
-
Jul 25, 2021
|
Mobile Games
When the nation of Electro is founded, the new Electro Traveler is born. He comes with the release of the new nation Inazuma. Here's how to build him.
Must-Know Guide On How To Travel To Inazuma In Genshin Impact 2.0
Genshin Impact Bennett Best Build And Hangout Guide
Genshin Impact Xiangling: Best Build & How To Get Her For Free
The Electro traveler is a new character in Genshin Impact 2.0. Check out his abilities and best build guide here.
Electro Traveler Profile & Ability
Anemo character and Geo character are the two first versions of the main character in this game who represent Mondstadt and Liyue - nations of Anemo and Geo in Teyvat. When the nation of Electro is founded, the Electro Traveler is born. He comes with the release of the new nation Inazuma which is under the control of the
Electro Archon - Baal
or The Raiden Shogun.
Electro traveler traveled to Inazuma.
If you want to build a powerful Electro traveler, you need to understand his abilities and talents.
Electro Traveler's Skills
Foreign Thundershock
is his normal attack. Like Geo and Anemo travelers, he also uses a sword. When using his normal attack, he performs 5 consecutive strikes.
You can hold the normal attack button to use his Charged Attack. This fighter will perform 2 powerful slashes. Besides, the Plunging Attack of this character causes AoE DMG to enemies in the path.
This brave traveler is always willing to help other characters.
Lightning Blade
is his elemental skill. It causes Electro DMG to enemies with 3  swift thunder shadows. Besides, he can also generate some Abundance Amulets.
Bellowing Thunder
is the elemental burst of Electro traveler. Create an Electro shield around this character and cause AoE Electro DMG to opponents.
Electro traveler is born in the Electro nation - Inazuma.
Electro Traveler's Passive Talents
Thunderflash
is the first talent of this character which is unlocked at the 1st Ascension. It helps reduce the cooldown time of his elemental skill.
Resounding Roar
is the second talent unlocked at the 4th Ascension. It helps increase the  Energy Recharge by 10% when you unleash the Abundance Amulets of the elemental skill.
Lv.90 Electro Traveler Main DPS & EM Support Showcase - Genshin Impact
Best Build For New Electro Traveler
Electro traveler is an A-tier character. With his high Energy Recharge and low Base Damage, he can play as a supporter of sub-DPS. Here are the most recommended weapons, artifacts, and team build for this character.
Electro Traveler can play as a sub-DPS.
#1. DPS Build
If you want to build this character as the main DPS, you must obtain or purchase the Mistsplitter Reforged sword and earn 4 pieces of the Shimenawa's Reminiscence set. This set helps him increase ATK by 18%. But you should build him as the main DPS when you don't have any DPS characters in your party.
You can build him as the main DPS.
#2. Sub-DPS Build
It's more recommended to build him as a powerful sub-DPS. The Skyward Blade and a 4-piece Emblem of Severed Fate set will help Electro traveler increase the Energy Recharge by 20%. Besides, the Elemental Burst DMG is also increased by 25% of his Energy Recharge. Then, he can get a 75% bonus DMG at maximum.
The Skyward Blade is the best weapon for him in the sub-DPS role.
#3. Support Build
Another role for the new character is the supporter. The best artifact set for this build is a 4-piece Thundering Fury set. It helps increase the elemental reaction DMG by up to 40%. This character can team up with Hydro, Cryo, and Pyro characters to make Overload, Electro-Charged, and Superconduct reactions. Besides, the Sacrificial Sword is the best weapon for this role.
Sacrificial Sword is highly recommended for the supporter role.
#4. Best Team Build
Childe (Tartaglia), Kazuha, and Diona are three recommended teammates for the new Electro traveler in Genshin Impact. While Traveler takes the supporting role, Childe and Diona will take the DPS roles in this team. The new character Kazuha in Genshin Impact is a useful sub-DPS. You can also use the
new character Kamisato Ayaka
.
Electro Traveler can support Cryo DPS.
Those are the best build ideas for the new Electro Traveler in Genshin Impact 2.0. Let's make him more powerful and useful.
>>> Also Read:
Genshin Impact Baal Boss Fight - How To Defeat The Raiden Shogun
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
#Genshin Impact Guide
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025