Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
The best Genshin Impact Traveler (Electro) build
Learn how to put together the best possible Electro Traveler build in Genshin Impact
Guide
by
Rebecca Jones
Former Guides Writer
Updated on
Sept. 1, 2022
Follow Genshin Impact
Previous page
Page
4
of
5
Next page
Want to learn how to create the best build for the Electro Traveler in Genshin Impact?
Electro was the first post-release element added for the Traveler in
Genshin Impact
, becoming available after the 2.0 update. You gain the Electro elemental vision for the Traveler after voyaging to Inazuma and beginning the Chapter II questline, and interacting with the first Statue of the Seven there.
The Electro Traveler isn't essential in a free-to-play party, since you also have
Lisa
around to provide Electro support. However, the Traveler is considered a bit better than many of the other Electro characters in the game, making this a strong choice of element to align them to all the same. Read on for our recommendations for building the Traveler (Electro) with their best party composition, weapons and artifacts, talent priority, and levelling requirements.
Pages in this guide:
Genshin Impact Traveler: General build advice
The best Anemo Traveler build in Genshin Impact
The best Geo Traveler build in Genshin Impact
The best Electro Traveler build in Genshin Impact
The best Dendro Traveler build in Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact is Good, But It's Not Breath Of The Wild | Genshin Impact Gameplay & Impressions
Watch on YouTube
How to build the Electro Traveler for sub-DPS/elemental support in Genshin Impact
Best weapon: Sacrificial Sword
Alternative:
Favonius Sword
If you're an F2P player the Electro Traveler will likely be music to your ears, as they really don't require a 5-star weapon to make the most of their kit. The strongest choice for them is the 4-star
Sacrificial Sword
, which has a high chance to end the cooldown of their elemental skill any time they damage an enemy with the latter. It's a rare opportunity to actively boost an elemental DPS build with a normal weapon, and I strongly recommend this selection.
However, failing that, there's always the Traveler's old stand-by the
Favonius Sword
if you want to go another route. It grants a high-percentage chance that landing a CRIT will generate an elemental particle, regenerating 6 points of elemental energy for the Traveler. It's a slightly less effective way of reducing cooldown than with the Sacrificial Sword, but the effect is similar.
Best artifacts: Noblesse Oblige
Alternatives:
Emblem of Severed Fate, Thundering Fury
This build is very forgiving of your choice of artifact set; so much so that going all in or mix-and-matching between the three aforementioned sets all have equally good outcomes. In short,
Thundering Fury
boosts your Electro DMG potential, while
Emblem of Severed Fate
does the same for Energy Recharge, and
Noblesse Oblige
does the same again but for your Elemental Burst.
Aim for the following artifact stats and substats to make the most of your Electro Traveler:
Circlet of Logos:
CRITs
Sands of Eon:
Energy Recharge
Goblet of Eonothem:
Electro DMG
Substats:
ATK, Energy Recharge, CRITs
Talent priority: Bellowing Thunder (Elemental Burst)
Secondary:
Lightning Blade (Elemental Skill)
The Electro Traveler is a little bit stronger than their Anemo and Geo forms, and more than ever it pays to focus on their elemental talents first and foremost. While I don't recommend ignoring their normal attacks entirely, you should certainly focus on
Bellowing Thunder
followed by
Lightning Blade
if you want to get the most out of this build in particular and the Traveler's Electro powers in general.
Uniquely amongst all Genshin Impact characters, the Traveler does not possess a passive utility talent. Here is a full list of the Traveler's Electro talents:
Foreign Thundershock (Normal Attack)
:
Normal Attack:
Performs up to 5 rapid strikes.
Charged Attack:
Consumes a certain amount of Stamina to unleash 2 rapid sword strikes.
Plunging Attack:
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Lightning Blade (Elemental Skill):
Unleashes three swift thunder shadows that deal Electro DMG to opponents and leave an Abundance Amulet behind after hitting an enemy. When a character is near an Abundance Amulet, they will absorb it to restore Elemental Energy and increase Energy Recharge during the Amulet's duration. Using this skill again will reset any Abundance Amulets that were generated previously.
Bellowing Thunder (Elemental Burst):
The Traveler calls upon the protection of lightning, knocking nearby opponents back and dealing Electro DMG to them. When their Normal or Charged Attacks hit opponents, they will call Falling Thunder forth, dealing Electro DMG. When Falling Thunder hits opponents, it will regenerate Energy for the Traveler. One instance of Falling Thunder can be generated every 0.5 seconds.
Thunderflash (1st Ascension Passive):
When another nearby character in the party obtains an Abundance Amulet created by Lightning Blade, Lightning Blade's cooldown is decreased by 1.5 seconds.
Resounding Roar (4th Ascension Passive):
Increases the Energy Recharge effect granted by Lightning Blade's Abundance Amulet by 10% of the Traveler's Energy Recharge.
Party composition
DPS:
Fischl
Sub-DPS:
Rosaria
Sub-DPS/Support:
Electro Traveler
Healer:
Diona
5-star alternative:
Ganyu as DPS, bumping Fischl down to sub-DPS and replacing Rosaria
The Electro Traveler is an extremely versatile support character, since they can provide energy recharge for their teammates no matter which elements are involved. One strong possibility is to place them in a team formed around dealing the Superconduct (Cryo + Electro)
elemental reaction
to deal near-constant AoE damage while simultaneously reducing enemies' DEF.
For this, you can use your best DPS character of either element — like 4-star Electro character
Fischl
or 5-star Cryo character
Ganyu
— and pair them up with a sub-DPS of the other element, such as
Rosaria
for Fischl (or Fischl herself for Ganyu). Let the Electro Traveler take to the field as tertiary DPS, but mainly to provide Electro support, and round the team off with
Diona
in the healer's position.
To see this content please enable targeting cookies.
Manage cookie settings
To see this content please enable targeting cookies.
Manage cookie settings
How to level up the Electro Traveler in Genshin Impact
Talents
To fully level up any one of the Electro Traveler's talents, you'll need to collect the following materials. Note that you'll need to do all this three times if you want to triple crown the Electro Traveler's active talents; and, furthermore, that talent levelling does not carry over between the Traveler's various elemental forms.
Talent Level (+ required Ascension Level)
Materials
2 (2)
6 Old Handguards, 3 Teachings of Transience, and 12,500 Mora
3 (3)
3 Kageuchi Handguards, 2 Guides to Elegance, and 17,500 Mora
4 (3)
4 Kageuchi Handguards, 4 Guides to Light, and 25,000 Mora
5 (4)
6 Kageuchi Handguards, 6 Guides to Transience, and 30,000 Mora
6 (4)
9 Kageuchi Handguards, 9 Guides to Elegance, and 37,500 Mora
7 (5)
4 Famed Handguards, 4 Philosophies of Light, 1 Dragon Lord's Crown, and 120,000 Mora
8 (5)
6 Famed Handguards, 6 Philosophies of Transience, 1 Dragon Lord's Crown, and 260,000 Mora
9 (6)
9 Famed Handguards, 12 Philosophies of Elegance, 2 Dragon Lord's Crowns, and 450,000 Mora
10 (6)
12 Famed Handguards, 16 Philosophies of Light, 2 Dragon Lord's Crowns, 1 Crown of Insight, and 700,000 Mora
Total
6 Old Handguards, 22 Kageuchi Handguards, 31 Famed Handguards, 3 Teachings of Transience, 6 Guides to Transience, 11 Guides to Elegance, 4 Guides to Light, 6 Philosophies of Transience, 12 Philosophies of Elegance, 20 Philosophies of Light, 6 Dragon Lord's Crowns, 1 Crown of Insight, and 1,652,500 Mora
Constellations
Because there are no duplicate copies of the Traveler available to wish for in the gacha or purchase from Paimon's store, you need to use a unique method to obtain their Constellations. For the Electro Traveler, this means collecting and consuming a level-up material called
Memory of Violet Flash
.
There are only six Memories of Violet Flash in the entire game, but luckily, this is just enough to reach the Traveler's final Electro Constellation. They are obtained in the following ways: two are granted for completing Acts II and III of Chapter 2 of the main questline; while the other four are obtained upon levelling up Inazuma's Statues of the Seven to levels 3, 5, 7, and 9.
Here's a list of all the Traveler's Electro constellations and what they do:
Spring Thunder of Fertility (C1):
The number of Abundance Amulets that can be generated using Lightning Blade is increased to 3.
Violet Vehemence (C2):
When Falling Thunder created by Bellowing Thunder hits an opponent, it will decrease their Electro RES by 15% for 8 seconds.
Distant Crackling (C3):
Increases the Level of Bellowing Thunder by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Fickle Cloudstrike (C4):
When a character obtains Abundance Amulets generated by Lightning Blade, if this character's Energy is less than 35%, the Energy restored by the Abundance Amulets is increased by 100%.
Clamor in the Wilds (C5):
Increases the Level of Lightning Blade by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
World-Shaker (C6):
Every two Falling Thunder attacks triggered by Bellowing Thunder will increase the DMG dealt by the next Falling Thunder by 200%, and will restore an additional 1 Energy to the current character.
Now that you know all about how to build the Electro Traveler in Genshin Impact, you might be curious about how they compare to some of the other Electro characters in the game. Electro isn't the strongest element, but there are a lot of Electro characters to choose from, and the element is overrepresented at 4-star rarity. For a couple of really good 4-star Electro vision holders, check out
Beidou
and
Razor
.
Previous page
Page
4
of
5
Next page