Home
»
Genshin Impact
»
Guides
»
Genshin Impact Lynette Build Guide | Lynette Best Weapon, Artifacts and Teams
Genshin Impact Lynette Build Guide | Lynette Best Weapon, Artifacts and Teams
Learn everything you need to know to make the best Lynette build in Genshin Impact with this easy guide, including a look at Lynette's entire kit, her best artifacts, weapons, teams and more. As one of the first Fontaine characters to join the game, Lynette is a fun, frantic 4-Star Anemo Sword with a focus on switching on and off the field to deal high damage.
Jack Carson
2023-08-16
All content for:
Genshin Impact
Alongside her twin brother Lyney, Lynette is one of the brand-new Fontaine characters to join
Genshin Impact
in Version 4.0. Unlike her flamboyant brother, Lynette thrives in the shadows, something exemplified by her assassin-like playstyle where she wants to get onto the field, use up all her skills and then safely eject while they’re all on cooldown. If used in the right team and under the right circumstance, Lynette can become a force to be reckoned with, a character who can quickly dispatch foes before disappearing into the backline: if you’re willing to put in the effort to learn her rotations and how she works, Lynette will be a fine addition to your
Genshin Impact
roster.
Here’s how to make the best Lynette build in
Genshin Impact.
This includes a breakdown of Lynette’s entire kit, what Lynette’s best weapons and artifact sets are, what teams you should be running her in and more.
Want more
Genshin Impact
articles and guides? You can find more here on KeenGamer:
Genshin Impact
Dehya Best Build Guide
Genshin Impact
Mika Best Build Guide
Genshin Impact
3.6 | All Udumbara Pistil Locations and How to Use Them
Genshin Impact
3.6 | All Girdle of the Sands Shrine of Depths Locations
Genshin Impact
: Ayamiya (Yoimiya + Ayaka) Genius Invokation TCG Deck Guide
Table of Contents
hide
Lynette Materials
Genshin Impact Lynette Kit
Rapid Ritesword (Normal Attack)
Enigmatic Feint (Elemental Skill)
Magic Trick: Astonishing Shift (Elemental Burst)
Passive Talents
Lynette Talent Priority Order
Lynette Constellations
Lynette’s Best Weapon in Genshin
Best in Slot: Freedom-Sworn
Replacement Lynette Weapons
Lynette Best Artifact Sets
Most Important Lynette Stats and Substats
Best Team for Lynette in Genshin Impact
Lynette Premium Team
Lynette F2P Team
Lynette Materials
To bring Lynette up to level 90 and reach her maximum Ascension Rank, you’ll need to get your hands on the following materials:
Lumidouce Bell
(Fontaine Speciality)
Vayuda Turquoise Sliver / Vayuda Turquoise Fragment / Vayuda Turquoise Chunk / Vayuda Turquoise Gem
(Anemo Elemental Gemstones)
Meshing Gears / Mechanical Spur Gear / Artificed Dynamic Gear
(Enemy Drop Material)
Artificed Spare Clockwork Component, Coppelia
(Fontaine World Boss Material)
The first thing to pick up is one of Fontaine’s new speciality plants, the Lumidouce Bells. This plant looks like a bell with a blue outer shell and it can be found in abundance to the north of the Court of Fontaine. In total, Lynette needs
168 Lumidouce Bells
to reach her maximum Ascension rank, meaning you’ll be spending a lot of time picking plants. To make things a bit easier, Lyney, Lynette’s twin brother, has a Passive Talent which lets you see all nearby Fontaine specialities on the mini-map while he’s in the party. If you don’t have Lyney and still want a hand, try the
Teyvat Interactive Map
for precise locations on the Lumidouce Bells and other Fontaine specialities.
Next, after the Bells, you’ll need to pick up some new enemy drops for Lynette. To be more specific, you need the new Gear-type enemy drop which comes from the new Meka enemies in Fontaine. These enemies come in all shapes and sizes and are the main target of Fontaine’s Pneuma and Ousia battle mechanics. You’ll find these enemies all over Fontaine, which is a good thing, seeing as Lynette needs a bunch of gears to level up. You’ll need
18 Meshing Gears, 30 Mechanical Spur Gears
and
36 Artificed Dynamic Gears
. To track down the Mekas, turn to the Adventurer’s Handbook for a nifty guide on where to go.
Watching Over Family
As for the World Boss materials Lynette needs, the Artificed Spare Clockwork Component, Coppelia, is another new Fontaine material which drops from the Icewind Suite boss. This Meka unit is actually two different robot entities who ballroom dance around a wide stage in the Fontaine wilds. When you interact with this boss, you’ll decide to determine whether you will fight the Ousia variant, the Dirge of Coppelia, or the Pneuma variant, the Nemesis of Coppelius, with Lynette needing the former. As for how many Components you need, you’ll be picking up
46 Artificed Spare Clock Components from the Ousia variant of the fight
.
The last major material of note is the Anemo Elemental Gemstones. Like every character in
Genshin
, Lynette requires a certain amount of Elemental Gemstones that match her Vision type to break through each Ascension Rank barrier. Seeing as Lynette is an Anemo character, she requires the Vayuda series of Gemstones. The easiest way to get these is through completing Daily Commissions, redeeming Resin on Anemo-aligned World Bosses or upcycling lower-tier Gems at the Alchemy Table. In total, you’ll need
1 Turquoise Sliver, 9 Turquoise Fragments, 9 Turquoise Chunks and 6 Turquoise Gemstones
.
Finally, to round it all out, make sure to bring at least 420k Mora and the equivalent of 416 Hero’s Wit EXP Books to get Lynette up to 90 as smoothly as possible.
Lynette of Fontaine
Genshin Impact Lynette Kit
Rapid Ritesword (Normal Attack)
Lynette’s Normal Attack is
Rapid
Ritesword
and it allows the Fontaine magician to perform up to 4 rapid strikes with her Sword. If you hold the attack button, Lynette will instead before a Charged Attack where she will consume a certain amount of Stamina to unleash 2 rapid Sword strikes in front of her.
In terms of Lynette’s kit,
Rapid Ritesword
is mainly there to look flashy and be used whenever her other cooldowns are active. It doesn’t do a lot of damage, doesn’t particularly tie into any of Lynette’s other abilities and, as such, simply exists as part of her kit. Fortunately, Lynette is focused far more on utilising her Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst, meaning that a lacklustre Normal Attack far from cripples from her.
Rapid Ritesword
Enigmatic Feint (Elemental Skill)
Enigmatic Feint
is Lynette’s Elemental Skill and the most interesting part of her kit/ When cast, Lynette will flick her magician’s mantle and execute an Enigma Thrust attack which deals high Anemo DMG. When an Enigma Thrust attack hits an opponent, it will restore a portion of Lynette’s HP based on her max HP but, in the 4s following the attack, she will lose a certain amount of HP per second.
Additionally, depending on if you press or hold the Skill button, Lynette will use Enigma Thrust differently:
Press
: Lynette will swiftly perform an Enigma Thrust directly in front of herself.
Hold
: Lynette enters the high-speed Pilfering Shadow state, which will also apply a Shadowsign mark to a random nearby enemy. When the Pilfering Shadow state comes to an end (either from running out of time or you prematurely ending it), Lynette will unleash her held Enigma Thrust. If there is a nearby opponent marked with a Shadowsign, Lynette will teleport to them in a flash and then use her Enigma Thrust attack.
Enigmatic Feint
Lastly, Enigma Thrust is Lynette’s connection to the Fontaine-exclusive Pneuma and Ouisa mechanic. As a quick refresher, characters from Fontaine have an additional part of their kit which deals either Pneuma-aligned damage or Ouisa-aligned damage, which will deal additional damage to certain Fontaine enemies like the Clockwork Mekas. Lynette is an Ouisa-aligned unit and she will unleash a Surging Blade of Ouisa-aligned Anemo DMG whenever she uses Enigma Thrust.
A lot is going on in this singular ability but the best way to think about it is a combination of Keqing and Yelan’s Skills. The ability to zip around the battleground using the Pilfering Shadow state can let Lynette get out of troubling situations without disengaging from combat: in fact, it lets her turn things in her favour using the Shadowsign mark, allowing you to regroup, single out a target and then zip to them in an instance. The main downside with this Skill is that it has a pretty long cooldown of 12s, meaning that you’ll likely want to run a backup DPS to switch to once Enigmatic Feint is on cooldown.
Pilfering Shadow
Magic Trick: Astonishing Shift (Elemental Burst)
The last of Lynette’s major abilities to go over is
Magic Trick: Astonishing Shift
. This is her Elemental Burst which, when cast, causes Lynette to raise her mantle high, dealing high Anemo AoE DMG in the surrounding area. It will also spawn a giant Bogglecat Box nearby.
When this Bogglecat Box is on the field, it will taunt nearby enemies and attract their attention away from your on-field character while also dealing Anemo DMG periodically at set intervals. Another interesting thing about this Burst is that whenever the Bogglecat Box comes into contact with an element it can Swirl (Hydro, Pyro, Cryo or Electro), it will gain the corresponding element and begin firing off additional Vivid Shots which deal damage from that element.
Lynette’s Burst can be used offensively or defensively, fitting her role as an assassin-type DPS rather than one who is constantly on the field. You can either use the Bogglecat Box to draw enemies away from you, allowing you to safely switch to another character who can imbue the Box with another element, or you can cast it to distract enemies, letting you pick the perfect opportunity to strike with Enigmatic Feint. As we said, Lynette is far more reliable as a unit you constantly bring in and out – someone who you strike fast and strike hard with, before retreating them out for a more hardy main DPS – and her Burst lets her fulfil that role brilliantly.
Magic Trick
Passive Talents
Lynette’s first Passive Skill is
Loci-Based Mnemonics
. This Skill relates to the new Diving mechanic introduced in Version 4.0 with Fontaine. When underwater, this Skill shows the location of nearby Recovery Orbs on the minimap. It also increases the amount of Aquatic Stamina and HP you gain from touching Recovery Orbs by 25%.
Next is
Sophisticated Synergy
, Lynette’s Ascension 2 Skill. Whenever you cast Lynette’s Burst, all party members will gain an ATK boost for 10s based on how many different Elemental Types there are in the party. The ATK boost starts at 8% (when the party is entirely comprised of one element, such as mono-Anemo) with an additional 4% being added per unique Elemental Type to a maximum of 20%. This ability is going to always be beneficial, no matter what team composition you’re running – who doesn’t like a free ATK boost, after all – but it certainly promotes using Lynette in a more colourful team composition than some may be used to.
Finally, we have
Props Positively Prepped
. After the Bogglecat Box summoned by Lynette’s Burst performs an Elemental Conversion, Lynette’s Elemental Burst will deal 15% more DMG. This effect persists until the Bogglecat Box’s duration ends. While not as direct as her A2 Skill, this Passive is another push towards running Lynette in a rainbow composition, one where you have a very high chance of infusing a Swirlable Element to boost that damage.
In summary,
Lynette’s Passives are primarily built around her Burst and push her into a more diverse team composition with as many different elements as possible
. As an assassin-type character who wants to be in and out in a flash, these Passives ensure that she can remain strong in her role, promoting a wide range of complimentary teammates, while also giving her some additional support capabilities to aid whoever comes onto the field following her.
Keep Your Eyes on the Hat
Lynette Talent Priority Order
Enigmatic Feint
(Elemental Skill)
Magic Trick: Astonishing Shift
(Elemental Burst)
Rapid Ritesword
(Normal Attack)
At the top, in terms of investment, we have
Enigmatic Feint,
Lynette’s Elemental Skill. Making sure this ability is as strong as possible is of the utmost priority as it is Lynette’s main way of dealing high damage. You want to make sure that, when you enter the Pilfering Shadow state to sneak up on and stab a target, it actually deals a significant chunk of damage: if it doesn’t, a lot of Lynette’s value disappears as a switch-based DPS. Investing in her Skill makes it more consistent, more reliable and more powerful.
Magic Trick: Astonishing Shift
is in a close second place. Honestly, if you prefer using Lynette as a Swirl battery for stronger characters, you may want to place a higher priority on her Burst as it is her best source of Swirl. However, due to its Energy requirements and the more hands-off approach it provides, we still recommend investing in Lynette’s Skill over her Burst. Her Burst deals high damage and can taunt opponents, but it requires set-up from other team members to utilise it most effectively, with specific regards to the infusion mechanic. It is also mainly intended as a way to get Lynette off the field, instead of a tool to best utilise her on it.
At the bottom of the list is
Rapid Ritesword
. As we mentioned when going over Lynette’s Normal Attack, it just doesn’t have a particular role or synergy that makes it worth investing in. Lynette is built to get onto the field, use up her cooldowns, take out as many enemies as possible and then escape: keeping her around so that she can dish out a few weak Normal Attacks goes completely against her strengths and will make her much less fun to play. Only seriously invest in Lynette’s Normal Attack if you want to Triple Crown her.
Lynette, Elegance in the Shadows
Lynette Constellations
Unlike 5-Star units in
Genshin Impact
, Lynette’s Constellations are far more attainable thanks to her position as a 4-Star unit. To pick up additional Constellations for a character, you need to obtain multiple copies of them when Wishing. As a 4-Star unit, Lynette will (after Version 4.0) have a chance of appearing on any of the Wish Banners but your best bet for hunting her down is when she is on rate up as a featured 4-Star on the Character Event Wish. For example, during Phase 1 of Version 4.0, Lynette is one of the featured 4-Stars on her twin brother Lyney’s Event Wish, “Conjuring Chiaroscuro”.
Additionally, everyone can get a free copy of Lynette through The Curtain Never Falls on Magic event. All you need to do is reach Adventure Rank 25 and then claim her from the events menu. This will give you a small headstart when collecting Lynette’s Constellations.
Free Lynette Event
Here are all six of Lynette’s Constellations in
Genshin Impact:
A Cold Blade Like Shadow
: When Enigmatic Feint’s Enigma Thrust hits an opponent with Shadowsign, a vortex will be created at that opponent’s position that will pull nearby opponents in.
Endless Mysteries:
Whenever the Bogglecat Box summoned by Magic Trick: Astonishing Shift fires a Vivid Shot, it will fire an extra Vivid Shot.
Cognition-Inverting Gaze
: Increases the Talent Level of Magic Trick: Astonishing Shift by 3.
Tacit Coordination
: Increases Enigmatic Feint’s charges by 1.
Obscuring Ambiguity
: Increases the Talent Level of Enigmatic Feint by 3.
Watchful Eye
: When Lynette uses Enigmatic Feint’s Enigma Thrust, she will gain an Anemo Infusion and 20% Anemo DMG Bonus for 6s.
Lynette’s best Constellations are her C1, C4 and C6, which all increase the potency of her Enigmatic Feint Elemental Skill
. Her C1 simply makes it a better and more consistent damage option, giving it a bit more value as an AoE move rather than just a single-target attack, whereas the extra charge from her C4 unburdens Lyentte slightly from her Skill’s super long cooldown. The most interesting, though, is her C6 which effectively turns her into a mini-Keqing: in fact, the Anemo Infusion and DMG Bonus make Lynette’s Normal Attack a viable source of damage and will drastically increase her usability on the field.
Sprint Through Starlight
Lynette’s Best Weapon in Genshin
Best in Slot: Freedom-Sworn
Choosing a best-in-slot pick for Lynette can be tricky, seeing as she is a 4-Star character without a signature weapon. However, if you are lucky enough to have it,
Lynette’s best weapon is the Freedom-Sworn 5-Star Sword
. A powerful weapon in its own right, the Freedom-Sworn will boost Lynette’s potential as a switch-in damage dealer while adding some additional support abilities to her already stacked kit.
At level 90, the Freedom-Sworn will provide the wielder 608 ATK with 198 additional Elemental Mastery. The main benefit of Freedom-Sworn is the weapon skill
Revolutionary Chorcale
. This increases all DMG dealt by the user by 10% and creates a Sigil of Rebellion on the wielder whenever they cause an Elemental Reaction (which can also be created off-field). When you reach 2 Sigils, they will instantly be consumed, granting the entire party 20% additional ATK and 16% Normal Attack, Charged Attack and Plunging Attack DMG for 12s. New Sigils cannot be created for the 20s following consumption.
The reason why this weapon works so well on Lynette is that it plays very well into her play style. As an assassin-type damage dealer, she wants to get in and out as quickly as possible, doing as much damage as she can while on the field. A large portion of that damage is inevitably going to be Swirl – especially because Anemo is one of the strongest Elements in the entire game – which, in turn, will create a Sigil and then empower whoever takes over from Lynette once her cooldowns kick in. Alongside Lynette’s A2 Passive, this can turn Lynette into a very potent offensive support alongside her already good damage capabilities.
If you happen to have the Freedom-Sworn lying around and are sure your Kazuha won’t miss it, don’t be afraid to gift it to Lynette for a little spin: you won’t regret the results.
Freedom-Sworn
Replacement Lynette Weapons
Freedom-Sworn is a difficult weapon to obtain, though, and a lot of Travelers are sure to have missed out on it. Don’t worry if that’s you because Lynette has plenty of other great replacement options that ensure she remains a strong and viable part of any composition.
Before we continue, it’s worth noting that all of our recommendations (aside from the BiS) are 4-Star rarity weapons. This is mainly because most players will have easier access to lower rarity tools than the more expensive or illusive 5-Star ones. However, if you have something like the Primordial Jade Cutter, try it out on Lynette before committing to a lower-tier option: 5-Stars tend to have stronger base effects and higher stats than 4-Stars, after all.
Lyentte’s best replacement weapon options in
Genshin Impact
are the Wolf-Fang, Iron Sting and the Sacrificial Sword.
Wolf-Fang
Beginning with the Wolf-Fang, this weapon is brand new in
Genshin Impact 4.0
from the Gnostic Hymn Battle Pass: 5 new weapons were added to the level 30 BP Bounty Box and the Wolf-Fang is the new Sword. At level 90, it will give 510 ATK alongside a 27.6% CRIT Rate boost. The weapon skill,
Northwind Wolf
, increases DMG dealt by the user’s Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst by 16%. Additionally, when either ability hits an opponent, it will increase the CRIT Rate of that ability by 2% for each hit for 10s, maxing out at 4 stacks or an additional 8% to each ability. This weapon is far more focused on increasing Lynette’s raw damage than some other options, acting great as a tool to enable her assassin-play style.
Next is the Iron Sting, the most F2P-friendly offering for Lynette. This weapon can be crafted using Northlander Sword Billets, making it an easy R5 for almost any player. At level 90, it will give 510 ATK and 165 Elemental Mastery to the wielder. The weapon skill,
Infusion Stinger
, is relatively simple in that it simply all damage dealt by 6% for 6s whenever you deal Elemental DMG. This effect can stack up to two times for a 12% bonus. More damage is a simple, but very effective, way of improving Lynette’s viability, especially seeing that the vast majority of her damage output is Anemo Elemental DMG.
Lastly, we have the Sacrificial Sword. You can pick this weapon up by getting lucky on any of the Wishes. At level 90, it will provide 454 ATK and 61.3% Energy Recharge to its wielder, alongside the weapon skill
Composed
. After damaging an opponent with an Elemental Skill, that same Skill has up to a 50% chance to end its own CD. Compared to the other replacement options, this is much more about utility as opposed to raw damage – although, the bonus charge it provides the Enigmatic Feint still can result in much higher DPS – as it lets you be far more liberal with your Skill usage.
Sacrificial Sword
Lynette Best Artifact Sets
No matter how you plan on running Lynette in
Genshin Impact
, she’s primarily a damage dealer who can subspecialise in some supportive areas, particularly focused on offensive buffs and bonuses. As such, there are two main Lynette builds that you can consider when deciding on what artifact sets to run on our Fontaine magician.
The first is much more about making Lynette a more consistent force on the battlefield, drastically increasing her Elemental DMG output to slay out at a high rate. If this sounds like what you’re looking for, chuck on
2-Piece Viridescent Venerer and 2-Piece Desert Pavilion Chronicle
. The bonus you’ll receive from these sets is very straightforward, as each 2-Piece bonus gets you an additional 15% Anemo DMG Bonus, totalling a grand 30% Anemo DMG Bonus with both sets equipped.
While nothing too flashy, this combination has absolutely no upkeep – you don’t have to juggle buffs or sigils or leaves or anything like that – for a huge amount of reward. Lynette’s highest damage abilities are her Skill and Burst, both of which primarily deal Anemo DMG and will benefit dramatically from this hybrid artifact set-up: even the Anemo infusion from her C6 will benefit most from this, if you’re lucky enough to roll Lynette 7 times, of course. Additionally, if you pair this with an Anemo DMG Goblet and Lynette’s innate Anemo DMG Bonus from Ascending, you can reach unknown heights in terms of Anemo DMG.
Damage Heavy Artifact Set Up
The other main choice for Lynette still focuses on damage but to a more utilitarian degree. You’ll be using Swirl and Elemental Reactions to do a lot of the heavy lifting, here. Instead of splitting your artifacts between 2 sets,
go all in on 4-Piece Viridescent Venerer
. Like before, this will give a 15% Anemo DMG Bonus, but it will also net you access to the 4-Piece bonus. This increases Swirl DMG by 65% and decreases an opponent’s Elemental RES to the element infused in the Swirl by 40% for 10s (so, if you infuse Electro to cause the Swirl, the enemy will become weak to Electro).
This set pushes you into a much more defined and limited playstyle with Lynette, forcing you to play into Elemental Reactions to get your big damage numbers. However, the trade-off for that is that your Reactions are going to be insanely strong. This set also ties in more neatly to some of Lynette’s other abilities and passives, such as her A2 and A4, which both want you to be Swirling and bringing in as many different elemental types as possible. If you can juggle the additional weight provided by both of these sets and want to go down a slightly more focused path with Lynette, try this combination of artifacts out.
Anemo Focused Artifact Set Up
Most Important Lynette Stats and Substats
Here are the main stats we recommend searching for on Lynette’s artifacts. The benefits these main stats will provide will let Lynette become a more consistent and stronger backline DPS, further heightening her already abundant strength and power.
Hourglass (Sands): Elemental Mastery
Goblet: Anemo DMG Bonus
Circlet: CRIT Rate or CRIT DMG
Additionally, here are the substats we recommend keeping an eye out for when rolling your prospective artifacts for Lynette:
ATK%
Elemental Mastery
Energy Recharge
CRIT Rate or CRIT DMG
Run Through Industry
Best Team for Lynette in Genshin Impact
Lynette Premium Team
Lynette’s best teams are ones which allow her main strengths to shine through: they will allow her to reliably contribute as a backline DPS with her damage and benefit from her offensive support capabilities from areas such as her A2 Passive.
The best Lynette Premium Team in
Genshin Impact
features Lynette alongside Xiangling or Lyney, Yae Miko and Kokomi
.
The main star here, aside from Lynette, is Yae Miko. While she, like our resident magician’s assistant, is a sub-DPS who works primarily off-field, she works incredibly well with Lynette because of how she plays. To effectively use Yae, you need to switch to her pretty regularly to reapply the Fox Talismans from her Elemental Skill. If timed correctly, you can get into a really nice rhythm with Lynette and Yae where one sub in for the other when needed: Lynette can sneak in, deal a ton of damage with her Skill, leave her Burst and then switch to Yae who, in the time it takes for Lynette to become ready again, can set up her Talismans and trigger the Bogglecat’s Electro infusion to devastate any remaining enemies before you rinse and repeat the process.
The Sly Fox, Yae Miko
Next, you have a choice. If you want a more rounded and on-field DPS to take over from Lynette when she’s done sneaking around, go with her twin brother Lyney. As an on-field focused Bow character, Lyney shines as a high-damage Pyro option who can benefit heavily from both Lynette and Yae, directing the battlefield whoever you want and causing chaos wherever you go. He can even help set up Lynette’s return using his taunting Trick Arrows. However, balancing that with Yae’s rotations may lead to some trouble for less dexterous or aware players: in this circumstance, Xiangling becomes a more attractive choice, capable of high off-field damage that can be Swirled or utilised by Yae to a devastating degree of success.
Lastly, we have Kokomi, our healer. She’s mainly here to serve as a safety net should something go wrong, but she can also provide a decent amount of utility in terms of Elemental Reactions. Not only does Kokomi fulfil the final unique Elemental type required for Lynette’s A2 damage bonus, but her Hydro is useful for everyone in the party: it gives you instant access to a high-powered Vaporise, Super Conduct or Swirl without much effort considering that Kokomi is a Catalyst user.
Best Lynette Premium Team
Lynette F2P Team
If you’re just starting out or are wanting a more free-to-play friendly set-up for Lynette, you’re in big luck. Not only is everyone fortunate enough to get a free copy of Lynette, but a lot of Lynette’s best pairings are other F2P characters such as Xiangling and Barbara. Without Yae to act as your main middleman for dealing with Lynette’s cooldowns, you do have to play slightly differently (especially depending on who you sub in for Yae) but the overall role of the team functions extremely similarly to the Premium play style.
With this in mind, Lynette’s best F2P team in
Genshin
includes Xiangling, Fischl and Barbara
.
For our purposes, Yae has been replaced in the F2P team by Fischl. She works similarly to Yae, providing off-field DPS through her Raven familiar Oz which still allows you to continue setting up the field while Lynette is on cooldown. You can likely keep Fischl out on the field for an extended period, having her fight alongside Oz to generate more Electro damage (especially if Lynette’s Burst is still active). Knowing when to sub Fischl out requires a bit more practice than it does with Yae, mainly due to Oz’s shorter timer and longer cooldown, but the union between her and Lynette is still a superb one.
Princess of Fantasy, Fischl
Xiangling fills a role similar to the one she played in the premium team. Her Burst, in particular, is an amazing source of Pyro that scorches any enemy who gets close, a perfect fit for Lynette’s sneaky playstyle: by combining the Xiangling’s Burst and Lynette’s Skill, you can zoom around the battlefield, inflicting everyone in your path with Pyro before dashing in and causing an excruciating amount of Swirl DMG on one unlucky target. Xiangling’s Skill isn’t bad, either, serving as another great source of off-field damage that can make Lynette’s Swirls or Burst infusion a bit easier to deal with.
Lastly, we have Barbara who works very similarly to Kokomi in the premium Lynette team. Her primary role is the team’s healer and she is adept at keeping everyone alive with her Burst and Skill. Additionally, as a Catalyst, she’s also a great source of Hydro for any Elemental Reactions: for example, you can quickly rotate Barbara in to infuse Lynette’s Bogglecat Box with a single button press, negating a lot of hassle that can come from using her Burst effectively.
Best Lynette F2P Team
That was how to make the best Lynette build in
Genshin Impact.
Best Guides for Genshin Impact
Mavuika Build Guide | Mavuika Best Weapons, Artifacts, Teams
5 Ways to Fix the Genshin Impact “Connection Timed Out” Error on Windows PCs
Yumemizuki Mizuki Drip Marketing Released for Genshin Impact 5.4
Voices We May Not Hear During Lantern Rite
After Over 600 Days, Shenhe is Finally Getting a Rerun in Genshin Impact 5.3
Top 10 Genshin Impact OST That Will Enrich Your Playlist
Lan Yan Drip Marketing Released for Genshin Impact 5.3
Mavuika (Pyro Archon) and Citlali Drip Marketing Released for Genshin Impact 5.3
7 Ways You Can Fix Genshin Impact Not Launching on a Windows PC
Jack Carson
Jack is a UK-based English Creative Writing graduate with a passion for writing about games. He’s been writing creatively for many years and has been doing game journalism professionally for well over a year. The games he primarily writes about include Destiny 2, Genshin Impact, Honkai: Star Rail and Xenoblade Chronicles but he is especially keen on RPGs, looters and action games and specialises in writing guides. KeenGamer is the third publication he has written for.
Leave a Reply
Cancel Reply
Sign in with:
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked
*
Comment *
You may use these
HTML
tags and attributes:
<a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong>
Notify me of followup comments via e-mail.