Genshin Impact: Lynette Character Builds (Weapons, Artifacts, Team Comps)
Genshin Impact's Lynette poses with her hand extended in front of a colorful background.
By
Bruno Yonezawa
Published
Aug 15, 2023, 12:16 PM EDT
Bruno Yonezawa is a Gaming Senior Writer for Screen Rant. He's been practicing professional journalism for over 10 years, and is also a communications specialist. He's played games all his life and turned that passionate hobby into a passionate career, in an industry where he's worked as a writer, editor, analyst, and more.
Sign in to your
ScreenRant
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Best Weapons For Lynette
Best Team Comps For Lynette
Best Artifacts & Stats For Lynette
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Preparing the best team comps and builds for Lynette in
Genshin Impact
is the ideal way of optimizing the new Fontaine character as an Anemo sub-DPS support hero on the field. Lynette is a 4-star hero added to the game with Version 4.0, which introduced the region of Fontaine to the game. The character from the Nation of Justice is a sister to both Lyney and Freminet and works as Lyney’s magic assistant. Lynette, along with Lyney, was among the first Fontaine characters to be announced when HoYoverse announced its post-launch roadmap, and now she is fully available to play.
In fact, players can get a
free Lynette in
Genshin Impact
for a limited time, provided they meet certain requirements. Like Collei in Sumeru, Lynette is a free giveaway that helps players immerse themselves into the region of Fontaine. As was aforementioned, she is an Anemo sub-DPS support hero, meaning she will be the party’s secondary source of damage and will contribute to the main damage dealer. In battles, Lynette uses a sword to fight. As such, she is required to get up close to opponents to inflict damage, as opposed to her brother, Lyney, who deals damage from afar with his bow.
Related:
Genshin Impact: Lyney Character Builds (Weapons, Artifacts, Team Comps)
Best Weapons For Lynette
Genshin Impact's Lynette looks seriously at the viewer's direction. She is well illuminated over a pitch black background.
The best weapons for Lynette in
Genshin Impact
are swords that boost her damage as a sub-DPS, but are also capable of providing some sort of off-field support to the team as she is not the primary source of damage. As listed by
Game8
, the best weapon for Lynette is the 5-star
Freedom-Sworn
. This sword has a great base ATK stat (608 at level 90), which will provide her a boost to her damage. Additionally, its Elemental Mastery sub-stat (198 at level 90) will provide her with what she needs to get her damage count rolling: Elemental Reactions.
Lynette’s main source of damage stems from her Swirl Elemental Reactions that she will be mixing with the main DPS’ element.
Alone, Freedom-Sworn is already good for Lynette, but it becomes superb when considering the weapon’s skill. With Revolutionary Chorale, the user gets a 10% DMG boost. Additionally, they will get a Sigil of Rebellion every time they trigger an Elemental Reaction, even if they are not on the field. At 2x Sigils, they will be consumed, and the party will get a 20% buff to ATK and a 16% boost to Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attack DMG for 12 seconds. The table below lists the best build for Lynette in
Genshin Impact
, including her recommended weapons, Artifact sets, ideal stats, and Talent priority:
Lynette's Best Build In Genshin Impact
Weapon
Freedom-Sworn (Best 5-star)
Xiphos' Moonlight (Best 4-star)
Iron Sting (4-star alternative)
The Alley Flash or Toukabou Shigure (4-star for on-field presence)
Artifact
Viridescent Venerer (4 pieces)
Noblesse Oblige (4 pieces)
Emblem of Severed Fate (4 pieces)
Stat Priority
Elemental Mastery
Anemo DMG
ATK
CRIT Rate / CRIT DMG
Energy Recharge
Skill Priority
Elemental Burst
Elemental Skill
Normal Attack
Of course, Kazuha’s signature 5-star weapon may not be available. Nonetheless, there are viable 4-star substitutes for Lynette’s build. The best 4-star weapons for Lynette include
Iron Sting
,
Xiphos’ Moonlight
, and
The Alley Flash
. All of these weapons have Elemental Mastery as a sub-stat in
Genshin Impact
, though each of them operates differently on the battlefield. Iron Fang, for instance, will increase all DMG by 6% for six seconds when dealing Elemental DMG, up to two stacks. With Xiphos’ Moonlight, every ten seconds, the user will get 0.036% Energy Recharge for every Elemental Mastery point they have for 12 seconds.
Iron Sting is great for a more damage-focused build, while Xiphos’ Moonlight is intended for more team support.
The effect provided by Xiphos’ Moonlight extends to party members, with each other hero gaining 30% of the buff, and will trigger even if Lynette is off the field. The Alley Flash is intended for on-field presence, so if Lynette will not be off the field, it may be the sword for her, as it will boost the user’s DMG by 12%. Similarly, for a more on-field Lynette, she can use
Toukabou Shigure
in
Genshin Impact
. The best swords for Lynette are those that increase her damage output via Elemental Mastery, but are also capable of providing some sort of support for the team, especially through buffs or Energy Recharge.
Best Team Comps For Lynette
Genshin Impact's Lyney on the left and Lynette on the right, both superimposed over a blurred image of the Fontaine landscape.
It is difficult to define the best team comps for Lynette in
Genshin Impact
since she is versatile and can be put into a series of different party compositions – mainly due to the fact that she is a sub-DPS and, therefore, not the center-piece of her group. For reference, it is best if she is thought of as a F2P Kazuha due to her sub-DPS role focused on quick Anemo Elemental Reactions and mostly off-field presence. As such, she works well in a variety of compositions, including mono-Pyro, perma-Freeze, and even Hyperbloom team comps.
Within a mono-Pyro team with Lyney or Hu Tao as the main DPS, Lynette can be responsible for Swirling Pyro across the field and feeding them the necessary energy to keep their Ultimates charged. Within a perma-Freeze party, for instance,
Genshin Impact
’s Lynette can aid the team in spreading both Hydro and Cryo to trigger the Freeze reactions through her Swirls. Alternatively, she can serve as a battery and help spread the formation of Dendro cores in a Hyperbloom team, as well as activate the Elemental Reaction. The table below lists a few suggested team comps for Lynette:
Lynette's Best Team Comps In Genshin Impact
Mono-Pyro Team
Lynette (Sub-DPS & Support)
Lyney or Hu Tao (Main DPS)
Xiangling (Pyro Sub-DPS)
Bennett (Healer)
Perma-Freeze Team
Lynette (Sub-DPS & Support)
Ayaka Kamisato (Main DPS)
Yelan or Xingqiu (Hydro Sub-DPS)
Barbara or Kokomi (Healer)
Hyperbloom Team
Lynette (Sub-DPS & Support)
Raiden Shogun (Main DPS)
Nahida (Dendro Sub-DPS)
Barbara or Kokomi (Healer)
It is important to keep in mind that there is a lot of leeway when it comes to using Lynette in a
Genshin Impact
team comp. Because she is mainly a sub-DPS support character, she can be used as needed and her presence can be adapted into a variety of strategies. With her, there is no exact best team comp, so it will come down to what other characters are available and what players prefer to use.
Best Artifacts & Stats For Lynette
Genshin Impact's Lynette holding her top hat in Fontaine.
When it comes down to the best Artifacts for Lynette in Genshin Impact, there are a few viable options. As an Anemo damage dealer (even if a secondary one at that), the best set for her is
Viridescent Venerer
. With two pieces, it will boost her Anemo DMG by 15%, and, with four pieces, the bonus will increase Swirld DMG by 60%, while also increasing the opponents Elemental RES to the Swirled element by 40% for 10 seconds. This matches not only her sub-DPS status, but also the support role she plays in a team comp.
An alternative Artifact set for Lynette is
Noblesse Oblige
. The two-piece bonus grants a 20% boost to Elemental Burst DMG, while the four-piece bonus increases the entire team's ATK by 20% for 12 seconds after the wearer uses their Elemental Burst. This is for a build more focused on damage and one that will constantly see Lynette activate her Burst. If the goal is to mold Lynette into a battery, the best set to use is
Emblem of Severed Fate
in
Genshin Impact
. Its two-piece bonus grants a 20% increase to Energy Recharge, and its four-piece bonus will increase the Elemental Burst DMG by 25% of the Energy Recharge stat.
The ideal stats to search for when farming the Artifacts for Lynette are Elemental Mastery, Anemo DMG, ATK, a decent 2:1 CRIT DMG / CRIT Rate distribution, and Energy Recharge.
When leveling Lynette’s Talents in
Genshin Impact
, the main priority is ascending her Burst, as that is her main source of damage and provides the largest Swirl assistance in her kit. The next Talent to upgrade is her Elemental Skill, which she will be using during her quick on-field interactions to deal damage. The last priority is her Normal Attack, which she will not be using too frequently, as she will not even be on the field too much. Lynette is not a hard character to build, especially due to how versatile and customizable she can be in various team comps in
Genshin Impact
.
Source:
Game8
Gaming
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Trending Now
10 PlayStation Plus RPGs That Are A Perfect 10/10
Prime Video's Upcoming Sci-Fi Show Reinvents One Of The Greatest Fictional Universes Of All Time
3 Years Before Breaking Bad, Mary-Louise Parker Was The Female Walter White