Genshin Impact: Lynette Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
By
Christina Roffe
Published
Sep 6, 2023, 10:46 AM EDT
Christina Roffe is a Guides Specialist from the United States. She has experience writing on games ranging from Nintendo titles to PlayStation titles. She is especially knowledgeable in anything Nintendo and Genshin Impact. Building new characters in Genshin Impact is one of her favorite things to do.
Sign in to your
DualShockers
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Lynette Best Build & Artifact Sets
Lynette Best 5-Star & 4-Star Weapons
Lynette Best Team Compositions
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Lynette is a citizen of the Fontaine region in
Genshin Impact
, and works as a magic assistant. She is often found behind Lyney, a famous magician in the Court of Fontaine who has a way with theatrics.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Dehya Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Despite being a quiet and reserved character, Lynette can make for a great Sub-DPS for your team. She uses the
Anemo Element
and equips a sword, and holds the ability to heal herself when in need.
Lynette Best Build & Artifact Sets
As a Sub-DPS, Lynette will benefit the most from an increase to
Elemental Mastery and Energy Recharge.
Elemental Mastery will ensure that Lynette's Swirl DMG is as powerful as possible, and this can also provide a buff to the rest of the team's Elemental DMG. Here is the best set to pick for her.
4-Set Of Viridescent Venerer
The 2-Set of Viridescent Venerer will increase Lynette's Anemo DMG Bonus by 15 percent. The 4-Set will increase her Swirl DMG by 60 percent. It will also decrease an opponent's Elemental RES to the element infused in the Swirl by 40 percent for 10 seconds. This set is ideal for not only
buffing Lynette's Sub-DPS abilities,
but it will also allow her to
provide a bit of support to her team
and increase the damage of their Elemental attacks. Here are some of the main stats and substats to choose for each artifact piece.
Artifact
Main Stat
Substats
Sands of Eon
Elemental Mastery or Energy Recharge
Elemental Mastery, Energy Recharge, CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, HP%, ATK%
Goblet of Eonothem
Anemo DMG Bonus
Elemental Mastery, Energy Recharge, CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, HP%, ATK%
Circlet of Logos
Elemental Mastery or CRIT DMG
Elemental Mastery, Energy Recharge, CRIT Rate, CRIT DMG, HP%, ATK%
As we stated before, you'll want to focus mostly on
Elemental Mastery and Energy Recharge
to support Lynette's Swirl DMG. CRIT Rate and CRIT DMG will also be beneficial to increase her damage and take out enemies more easily.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Kaveh Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Lynette Best 5-Star & 4-Star Weapons
Choosing a weapon for Lynette is a simple task, as we recommend focusing on
Elemental Mastery
as its main Bonus Stat. Along with Elemental Mastery, any weapons that will increase her overall damage will also be beneficial to her. Here are some of our favorites.
5-Star Weapons: Freedom-Sworn & Primordial Jade Cutter
Freedom-Sworn will give Lynette a base increase of 43 to her Elemental Mastery. Its Bonus Skill will increase her DMG by 10 percent. When she triggers an Elemental Reaction, she will gain a Sigil of Rebellion (once every 0.5 seconds). This triggers even if Lynette isn't on the field. When you reach 2 Sigils, they will be consumed which grants nearby party members an increase of 20 percent to ATK and 16 percent to Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attack DMG for 12 seconds. Once triggered, you will gain no Sigils for 20 seconds. Freedom-Sworn is the best option available for Lynette, as it hits all the important stats for her.
This includes a buff to Elemental Mastery, and she will also be able to more effectively support her team and increase their damage.
Primordial Jade Cutter will increase Lynette's CRIT Rate by 9.6 percent. Her HP will also be increased by 20 percent. Additionally, it will provide an ATK Bonus based on 1.2 percent of Lynette's Max HP.
Since Lynette has the ability to heal herself with her Elemental Skill, you'll want to increase her HP to increase its effects, which Primordial Jade Cutter is perfect for.
It will also boost her CRIT Rate, which is especially useful if you built on her CRIT DMG in her Artifact build.
4-Star Weapons: Xiphos' Moonlight & Iron Sting
Xiphos' Moonlight will increase Lynette's Elemental Mastery by a base amount of 36. It will also trigger the effect, Jinni's Whisper, every 10 seconds: Lynette will gain 0.036 percent Energy Recharge for each point of Elemental Mastery she possesses for 12 seconds, with nearby party members gaining 30 percent of this buff for the same duration. Multiple instances of this weapon can allow this buff to stack. This effect will also still trigger even if Lynette is not on the field.
Xiphos' Moonlight is the best 4-Star weapon for Lynette, providing her with a boost to Elemental Mastery and Energy Recharge, her two most important stats.
You'll also be able to increase the rest of the team's Energy Recharge with this weapon.
Iron Sting will increase Lynette's Elemental Mastery by a base amount of 36. Its Bonus Skill will increase all DMG by 6 percent for 6 seconds after dealing Elemental DMG. This has a maximum of 2 stacks, and can occur once every 1 second.
If you're looking for the ideal Free-to-Play option, Iron Sting has you covered.
You can
forge this weapon
at the Blacksmith, and it still provides beneficial stat increases for Lynette despite being easy to obtain.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Mika Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Lynette Best Team Compositions
Lynette can work well with a large variety of teams, as she is mostly there to
buff the team's Elemental DMG with her Swirls.
You'll want to consider bringing together Elements that can create powerful reactions, such as
Freeze or even Vaporize.
Here is a recommended team, as well as a few alternative characters.
Character
Character Type & Benefits
Ayato
(Alternative:
Hu Tao
/
Yanfei
)
Main DPS, Can provide powerful Hydro AoE DMG and create Freeze Reaction with Ganyu.
Ganyu
(Alternative:
Xingqiu
)
Sub-DPS, Can provide powerful Cryo AoE DMG and create Freeze Reaction with Ayato.
Kokomi
(Alternative:
Bennett
)
Support, Can provide healing for the whole team with Elemental Skill & Burst.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact: Baizhu Best Builds, Weapons, & Teams
Video Games
Genshin Impact
miHoYo
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Whose Section Did You Enjoy Playing The Most In Resident Evil Requiem?
Grace
Grace
57.1%
Leon
Leon
42.9%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
The Coin Landed on Its Edge: The Rise and Fall of Legacy of Kain
Pragmata Review
10 DLC Characters We Want Added to Invincible VS