My Story
Hi,
I’m Lynette
I live in the beautiful Hawke’s Bay region of New Zealand with my wonderful husband.  We have two talented sons and daughters-in-law who are busy growing their inspiring, adventure-filled futures!
I’ve always loved working with and encouraging people to achieve their best and it really excites me to see them turn their dreams into a reality.
So, after having grown up on our family farm in Zimbabwe, I completed an Honours degree in Science in South Africa and simultaneously began life coaching, mentoring and counselling after hours, which was my real passion.
Achieving my own goals and dreams are part of the fun, so after we started our family and moved back to the farm in Zimbabwe, I directed and ran 3 businesses focused on primary industries while still remaining very involved in coaching, mentoring and counselling. In Zimbabwe’s tumultuous political anarchy, our farm was seized and our houses burnt down and we ended up leaving everything except our furniture and moving to New Zealand in 2002.
‘Starting again’ in New Zealand was an exciting adventure involving being a loving, supportive & encouraging Wife, Mum and Coach, holding community leadership positions, being active & working in high school science and education, serving on the Hawke’s Bay Science and Technology Fair Committee, writing technician practical handbooks for the National Science Curriculum, advising on and presenting for the Science Technician course run by Real World Education, serving on the high school Board of Trustees,  purchasing & managing property for our rental property portfolio and project managing our building developments.
Happily, I was able to be fully engaged with my passion for helping people to achieve their full potential and now still love having my own goals and dreams as well as being a full-time professional Life Coach.
It really excites me to see people focusing on their best, making excellent choices and achieving what they set out to do.
I would consider it a privilege to be part of your support team.
See What Clients Say About Coaching with Lynette