Follow
Followed
Like
Thread
Link copied to clipboard
Add us on
By
Julia Lee
Published
Oct 13, 2021, 11:04 AM EDT
Genshin Impact guides
Horizon Zero Dawn in Genshin Impact
Related
Pragmata's big launch is giving me hope for single-player games
The best local co-op games to play right now
Give me this banned Simpsons episode over the new Michael Jackson biopic any day
Genshin Impact Aloy guide: How to unlock on PS4, PS5, PC, and mobile
Image: Mihoyo via Polygon
Genshin Impact
Sign in to your
Polygon.com
account
All
Genshin Impact
players can now play as
Aloy
from
Horizon Zero Dawn
. She was previously only available for PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5 players but now is available to mobile and PC players as of
patch 2.2
. Our Genshin Impact guide explains how to get Aloy and when PC and mobile players can unlock her.
To grab Aloy, your
Adventurer Rank
needs to be at least
20
.
If you play Genshin Impact on PC or mobile, you can unlock Aloy right away by claiming her from your
mail
. You’ll need to log in before the patch 2.3 maintenance on Nov. 24, 2021 to get her,
according to the 2.1 patch notes
. After this, she’ll sit in your mailbox for a year before she expires, so make sure to pick her up before then.
If you play on PS4 or PS5, your time to grab Aloy has passed now that patch 2.2 is live. PlayStation players needed to log in during patch 2.1 to get her in their mailbox. If you did log in during this period but you don’t have her, she is likely in your mailbox, so make sure to check. It’s unknown if Aloy will be made available for PlayStation users again.
Aloy is a Cryo bow-user and the first collaborative character to be added in Genshin Impact. She does have a constellation to beef up her stats, but since there’s no multiple of her, it remains locked. To upgrade Aloy, you need items from
Inazuma
, meaning that your Adventurer Rank needs to be 30 or higher. She requires Crystalline Blooms, Crystal Marrow, and Spectral Husks to ascend.
Genshin Impact guides
Gaming
Guides
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Most Popular
Marty Supreme, Netflix's brutal new thriller, and everything else new to streaming this weekend
FFXIV's Evangelion collab and other major Fan Fest announcements
The Boys spinoff Gen V canceled, but its characters won't be gone forever
The latest Star Wars comic really, really wants you to visit Galaxy's Edge
FFXIV is coming to Switch 2 this summer, but there's a Nintendo tax
Battlefield movie in the works from Sinners star Michael B. Jordan
See More
Trending Now
5 iconic weapons in anime that aren't all just swords
Event Horizon's sequel comic just brought back a 232-year-old character from the original movie
Hell Let Loose: Vietman might be the most realistic shooter I've ever played