Itto Team Comp Guide - Genshin Impact
Gorou, Noelle, and Itto from Genshin Impact
By
Nahda Nabiilah
Published
Dec 17, 2021, 7:30 AM EST
Nahda Nabiilah is a writer and editor from Indonesia. She has always loved writing and playing games, so one day she decided to combine the two. Most of the time, writing gaming guides is a blast for her, due to it being two of Nahda's favorite things. She strives to make detailed and easy-to-follow guides.
Sign in to your
GameRant
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Table of contents
The Sumeru Region Basics and First Steps
The Sumeru Region Basics and First Steps
> What to Do First in Sumeru
Important Places and Locations
Important Places and Locations
> How to Unlock the Tree of Dreams and Use Dendro Sigils
> How to Unlock Sumeru Daily Commissions and Sumeru Reputation
> Sumeru Shrines of Depths - All Locations
> Every Merchant in Sumeru, Where to Find Them, and What They Sell
Domain Unlock Guides
Domain Unlock Guides
> How to Unlock the Altar of Mirages Domain
> How to Unlock the Garden of Endless Pillars Domain
> How to Unlock the Fane of Panjvahe Domain
> How to Unlock the City of the Deceased Domain
Items
Items
> How to Unlock Sumeru Forge Weapons
> How to Use the Boon of the Elder Tree
> All Radiant Spincrystal Locations in Sumeru
> Consecrated Beast Locations
> All Dendroculus Locations in Gavireh Lajavard and Realm of Farakhkert
Sumeru Local Specialties
Sumeru Local Specialties
> Rukkhashava Mushroom Locations
> Rukkhashava Mushroom Locations
> Nilotpala Lotus Locations
> Nilotpala Lotus Locations
> Kalpalata Lotus Locations
> Kalpalata Lotus Locations
> Padisarah Locations
> Padisarah Locations
> Scarab Locations
> Scarab Locations
> Henna Berry Locations
> Henna Berry Locations
> Sand Grease Pupa Locations
> Sand Grease Pupa Locations
> Mourning Flower Locations
> Mourning Flower Locations
> Trishiraite Locations
> Trishiraite Locations
> All Sumeru Food Recipe Sources and Locations
> All Sumeru Food Recipe Sources and Locations
Mechanics and Tutorials
Mechanics and Tutorials
> How to Destroy the Stone Pillar Seals
> How to Destroy the Withering
> How to Complete the Trial of the Phantasmal Seed
> How to Use Dendrograna
Dendro
Dendro
> All Dendro Reactions, Explained
Sumeru Boss Guides
Sumeru Boss Guides
World Bosses (Character Ascension Materials)
World Bosses (Character Ascension Materials)
> Boss Guide: Jadeplume Terrorshroom
> Boss Guide: Jadeplume Terrorshroom
> Boss Guide: Electro Regisvine
> Boss Guide: Electro Regisvine
> Boss Guide: Aeonblight Drake
> Boss Guide: Aeonblight Drake
> Boss Guide: Algorithm of Semi-Intransient Matrix of Overseer Network
> Boss Guide: Algorithm of Semi-Intransient Matrix of Overseer Network
> Boss Guide: Dendro Hypostasis
> Boss Guide: Dendro Hypostasis
> Boss Guide: Setekh Wenut
> Boss Guide: Setekh Wenut
> Boss Guide: Iniquitous Baptist
> Boss Guide: Iniquitous Baptist
Trounce Domains (Character Talent Upgrade Materials)
Trounce Domains (Character Talent Upgrade Materials)
> Boss Guide: Joururi Workshop (Scaramouche)
> Boss Guide: Joururi Workshop (Scaramouche)
> Boss Guide: Realm of Beginnings (The Guardian of Apep's Oasis)
> Boss Guide: Realm of Beginnings (The Guardian of Apep's Oasis)
Quest Guides
Quest Guides
Sumeru Hangout Events
Sumeru Hangout Events
> Layla Hangout Guide - How to Get All Endings
> Faruzan Hangout Guide - How to Get All Endings
> Kaveh Hangout Guide - How to Get All Endings
Sumeru Archon Quest Help
Sumeru Archon Quest Help
> A Lamenter at Fate's End Quest: How to Continue Exploring the Unknown Sanctuary
> The Answers to Setaria's Questions (Like a Triumphant Hero)
> Mysterious Ruins Puzzle Solutions (Secret of the Scorching Desert)
The Aranyaka
The Aranyaka
> How to Find the Branch Together with Aranakula
> Chapter 1 of The Aranyaka (Woodland Encounter)
> Chapter 3 of the Aranyaka (Varuna Gatha)
> Chapter 4 of the Aranyaka (Agnihotra Sutra)
> Chapter 5 of the Aranyaka (Vimana Agama)
> How to Proceed to the Location Shown in the Painting (Static Views)
> Jazari's Chapter: How to Connect all Four Relays in the Middle
> How to Lower the Water Level in Royinjan's Chapter
> Every Stone Pillar Seal Location in Sumeru (Legends of the Stone Lock)
> Vasmtri: Every Nursery Location in Sumeru
> All Aranara Locations (For Meritous Service Achievement)
> How to Unlock Garcia's Paean (Complete Liyue to Sumeru Guide)
The Great Red Sand Area Walkthroughs
The Great Red Sand Area Walkthroughs
> How to Increase Clearance
> How to Completely Upgrade the Jinni Bottle
> How to Proceed Deeper Within the Ruins (The Secret of Al-Ahmar Quest)
> How to Try to Open the Coffin (The Secret of Al-Ahmar)
> How to Go to the Location Indicated by the Stone Slate (Dual Evidence)
> Puzzle Guide: Sekhem Hall (Luxurious Chest and Two Precious Chests)
> How to Operate the Prism of Khaj-Nisut (Dreams Beneath the Searing Sand)
> How to Get a Luxurious Chest at the Top of King Deshret's Mausoleum
> All Primal Obelisk Locations
> All Primal Obelisk Locations
> All Mysterious Stone Slate Locations ("The Nameless City's Past" Achievement)
> How to Solve the Cascade Pool Puzzle
> Where to Find the Fatui Stronghold Key
> How to Solve the Unchanging Past Flower Puzzle in the Eternal Oasis (Orchard of Pairidaeza)
> How to Get Every Chess Piece for the Temple of Gurabad (Safhe Shatranj)
> Dune-Entombed Fecundity: Part I - How to Find Another Way to Enter the Central Area
> Dune-Entombed Fecundity: Part II - How to Restore Power to the Left Arm
> How to Solve the Liloupar's Cell Dendro Monument Puzzle
> How to Solve the Stone Symbol Puzzle (Weathered Obelisk Puzzle Guide)
> Wounded Shin Valley Elemental Monument Puzzle (Luxurious Chest)
> Safhe Shatranj Cascade Pool Puzzle Solution (Luxurious and Common Chest Reward)
> How to Enter the Defiled Chamber to Search for the Spenta Hearts (The Hymn of Tir Yazad)
> Quest Guide: A Gifted Rose
> Quest Guide: A Gifted Rose
> All Golden Rose Seed Locations
> How to Get the Password to Enter Thutmose's Secret Base (Hidden Mercenaries - Soheil's Wish)
Girdle of the Sands Area Walkthroughs
Girdle of the Sands Area Walkthroughs
> All Fravashi Tree Locations (Pale Fire)
> All Plume of Purifying Light Locations
> Udumbara Locations Guide
> How to Use Sorush and All Her Abilities
As the Khvarena Light Shows Quest Guides
As the Khvarena Light Shows Quest Guides
> How to Connect the Three Devices Near the Elevator and Activate the Central Control Device
> How to Use the Farrwick to Link the Circuit and Activate the Left Machine Door
> How to Link the Circuit and Activate the Right Machine Door
> How to Connect the Circuit (As the Khvarena's Light Shows: Nirodha)
> How to Open the Ruins' Gate (As the Khvarena's Light Shows: Nirodha)
> How to Find the Energy Block and Return to the Control Center (As the Khvarena's Light Shows: Nirodha)
> Achievement Guide: How to Purify All Sunyata Flowers (The Sea of Fertility)
> How to Drain the Water and Get the Kory Drum - Trial of Submerged Waves (Awakening's Real Sound)
> How to Perform According to the Drum Score (Awakening's Real Sound)
> How to Light Up All the Bright Flame Altars (Awakening's Real Sound)
> How to Search for the Lost Monument Fragments with Sorush's Help (Monumental Study)
> How to Follow the Footprints and Search for Clues (Investigate the Fatui Camp Marked by Sosi)
> How to Awaken the Power of Khvarena and Disperse the Purple Mist (Asipattravana Itihasa)
> Quest Guide: An Artist Adrift
> Quest Guide: An Artist Adrift
> How to Search the Road for the Missing Sketch (An Artist Adrift)
> How to Solve the Luxurious Chest Puzzle in Asipattravana Swamp (Trapped Seelies)
Achievement Guide: Seven Dish Dance (Luxurious Chest and Six Exquisite Chests)
> How to Solve the Luxurious Chest Puzzle in Vourukasha Oasis (Mayflies and Seelies)
Sumeru Achievement Guides
Sumeru Achievement Guides
> Achievement Guide: The Random Circumstances of a Rose's Blooming
> Achievement Guide: Encore!
> Achievement Guide: Song of Night and Dawn
> Achievement Guide: Date of Departure
> Achievement Guide: They Enter the Flow
> Achievement Guide: Beyond the Shadow of Time
> Achievement Guide: Through to the Earth I May Return
> Achievement Guide: The End of the Corridor (Glinting Component Locations)
> Achievement Guide: A Well-Trained Archaeologist (Primal Obelisk Locations)
> Achievement Guide: Hunter's Mercy (Tadhla the Falcon Quest)
> Achievement Guide: La Luna Rossa (Where to Find Every Activation Device for the Chessboard)
> Achievement Guide: Isn't Life Wondrous?
> Achievement Guide: How Do You Write The Excavation Report?
Itto
Geo
Claymore
Inazuma
Guides
Ascension
Builds
Weapons
Team Comp
Constellation
Player Mistakes
Back to All Characters
Geo characters like Arataki Itto are generally flexible when it comes to team compositions. This
Genshin Impact
character doesn't rely on Elemental Reaction to do high damage, so players don't have to worry about sparing him their best Element-applicator. Even so, Itto still needs teammates that allow him to shine the brightest.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Builds For Arataki Itto
Because Geo has one of the best resonances in
Genshin Impact
, Arataki Itto's composition will mostly revolve around having a Geo teammate in the party. Other than that, the Oni also needs units that can act as a Battery to fill his Elemental Burst.
Albedo
genshin albedo fixed
Albedo, by far, is Arataki Itto's best teammate. He can act as an amazing off-field Sub-DPS, while also generating a lot of Energy for Itto. The Chief Alchemist can generate 0.7 Elemental Particles every two seconds.
With the new sword,
Cinnabar Spindle
, Albedo is now a larger powerhouse than he was before. Travelers who own
this Favonius Knight will notice that they can easily deal 20k damage
on his Elemental Skill. A massive number, considering Albedo doesn't have to be on the field to do this.
Gorou
Gorou from Genshin Impact
The Canine Warrior was released along with Arataki Itto in
Genshin Impact
2.3. Of course, it's no surprise that Gorou is an amazing pair with Itto. This bow unit can
provide Defense and Geo DMG buff
. This makes Gorou the perfect support for defensive Geo characters like Itto and Noelle.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Builds For Gorou
However, the Watatsumi General isn't the best Battery for Itto. Gorou can only generate two Elemental Particles every 10s; therefore, if players use Gorou in the team, they'll either need a lot of Energy Recharge on Itto or another Geo character to be a Battery.
Noelle
Noelle with Claymore from Genshin Impact
Among all the Geo characters, Noelle is the only one that doesn't generate Elemental Particles via her Skill. So if players wish to play Itto, Gorou, and Noelle at the same time, the fourth teammate should be a Geo Battery.
Even though Noelle is a non-existent Battery, she provides other utilities. She can shield, heal, and act as a Sub-DPS on Itto's downtime.
The Favonius Maid can be a great addition
to a Mono Geo composition.
Ningguang
The Tianquan of Liyue Qixing is probably one of the most overlooked Geo characters. Travelers who choose to build her are in for a treat as she can be one of the best DPS around. However, other than being a DPS,
Ningguang can also act as a Battery for Arataki Itto
.
If players own C2 Ningguang, they can cast her Elemental Skill twice (with proper technique). Moreover, equipping her with Favonius Codex will further enhance her viability as a Battery.
Zhongli
Zhongli from Genshin Impact
This unit made it to almost every character's best team composition. Of course, this is deservingly earned.
Zhongli won't only provide an amazing shield
to protect Arataki Itto but will also reduce the enemy's Geo Resistance. Pair this with Geo Resonance, and Travelers will notice a significant increase in Itto's damage.
Zhongli is not the best Battery for Arataki Itto, but players can equip him with Favonius Lance for extra Energy production.
Geo Traveler
Geo Traveler has the highest Energy production compared to other Geo characters. They can provide three Elemental Particles every six seconds, which translates to nine Energy if Itto is the one absorbing the Particles. If players use Favonius Sword on the Traveler, they will generate six extra energy every 12s. So every 12s, Arataki Itto will enjoy a total of 24 Energy from Geo Traveler alone.
Other than that, Geo Traveler will also provide an extra 10% Crit Rate after using their Elemental Burst. This will be a massive help if players are struggling with Itto's Critical Rate.
Raiden Shogun
Raiden Shogun is currently one of the best Battery and Sub-DPS in
Genshin Impact
. With her Elemental Burst,
Raiden can deal great damage while regenerating a lot of Energy
to her teammates. Her Elemental Skill will also provide decent damage over time. This damage will apply Electro on the enemies, allowing Itto to trigger Crystallize Reactions. Crystallize generates Elemental Shards, which will grant a shield when picked up.
Arataki Itto won't benefit from Raiden Shogun's Elemental Burst damage bonus, but he will certainly benefit from everything else.
Electro Traveler
Gorou Hangout event from Genshin Impact
If players don't have Raiden Shogun, then Electro Traveler can be a decent alternative. Just like the Electro Archon, the Traveler also provides a lot of Energy regeneration to the team. Unlike the Geo one, this version can help Arataki Itto's Energy regeneration while being off-field.
Although, of course, players can only have one Element at a time, so they need to choose either Geo or Electro Traveler. To resonate with Electro, players simply have to use their MC on Inazuma's Statue of the Seven.
Thoma
If people don't have Zhongli, then they can opt for Thoma to keep Arataki Itto shielded. This way, players can ensure they always have Geo Resonance active. However, for
Thoma to perform his best
, Travelers would want him to have at least two Constellations. The Fixer will struggle to keep 100% shield uptime otherwise.
Furthermore, it's important to note that for the Housekeeper to provide a maximum shield, Arataki Itto will have to use Normal Attack more often. Otherwise, Thoma won't be able to reach the maximum shield stack.
Genshin Impact
is now available on Mobile, PC, PS4, and PS5. A Switch version is in development.
MORE:
Genshin Impact: The Tallest Playable Characters In The Game
Strategy Guides
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which recently released Nintendo cozy game do you prefer?
Pokemon Pokopia
Pokemon Pokopia
54.7%
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
45.3%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Xbox Game Pass Adds One of April 2026’s Biggest New Games, and More
The Best Elden Ring Boss (Isn't Malenia Or Radahn)
Pokemon Fan Gives Their Switch 2 a Ditto-Themed Makeover