Looking for the
best Genshin Impact Itto build
? Arataki Itto is a part-oni Geo claymore character, and he's the leader of the Arataki gang in Inazuma. While he may look somewhat uncouth, he's actually just mischievous, with a heart of gold underneath his fancy cropped coat.
Itto became available in the
Genshin Impact 2.4 update
and has a banner rerun as part of the
Genshin Impact 3.3 update
. Genshin Impact Itto build immediately broke into our S tier on our
Genshin Impact tier list
. If you can supply Itto with the correct party members, his damage output can rival the very best characters in the game. Here's the best Genshin Impact Itto build, and the best team composition, you can also check out all the
Genshin Impact Itto abilities
.
Genshin Impact Arataki Itto DPS build
Weapon:
Redthorn Stonethresher
Artifacts:
Husk of Opulent Dreams (four-piece)
A significant amount of Itto's damage comes from his defense stat. His passive talent, Bloodline of the Crimson Oni, increases his charge attack damage by 25% of his defense. Itto has reasonable base attack, but the majority of his damage comes from his ultimate, which converts his defense into an attack bonus, boosts his attack speed, and makes his attacks deal Geo damage. Therefore, the best strategy is to boost his defense and smack people with your claymore as much as possible.
The best claymore for Itto to smack people with is the new
Redthorn Stonethresher
five-star weapon, which provides crit damage, increases Itto's defense by 28%, and increases his normal and charged attack damage by 40% of his defense. It's the perfect fit for Itto, but if you're not able to obtain it, the
Serpent Spine
is a good secondary choice as it boosts crit rate and increases Itto's damage by 6% for every four seconds he's on the field, although it does cause him to take 3% more damage in return.
If you're looking for a more obtainable weapon,
Whiteblind
is another strong candidate, as it increases Itto's attack and defense by 6% for six seconds every time he hits a normal or charged attack. This effect can stack up to four times.
Razer DeathAdder V2 Pro - Genshin Impact Edition
Razer DeathAdder V2 Pro - Genshin Impact Edition
Razer
$139.99
Buy Now
Network N earns affiliate commission from qualifying sales.
The best artifacts for Itto boost his defense, Geo damage, and crit rate or crit damage. The
Husk of Opulent Dreams
is tailor-made for him, granting Itto a defense bonus and providing him with a 6% defense buff and 6% Geo damage bonus every time he hits an enemy with a Geo attack. This effect can stack up to four times.
If your team has a good shield uptime, the
Retracing Bolide
four-set is also a viable choice for Itto, as it grants him an additional 40% normal and charged attack damage while protected by a shield.
Alternative options include the
Archaic Petra
two-piece set for its 15% Geo damage bonus, alongside a two-piece
Noblesse Oblige
set to boost Itto's elemental burst damage.
Arataki Itto best team composition
We expect Itto to fit well into any Geo team. He's ideally supported by his banner mate
Gorou
; if you have both Gorou and Itto in your team, you should run at least one more Geo character to get the most out of Gorou's buffs.
He would be an excellent teammate for
Ningguang
or
Albedo
;
Zhongli
is another good option. You could complete the team with another Geo character, or with Bennett for his buffs. If you don't have these characters, you will need a sub DPS to provide damage off-field - we recommend
Raiden Shogun
, Xingqiu, or
Ganyu
.
Razer Iskur X - Genshin Impact Edition
Razer Iskur X - Genshin Impact Edition
Razer
$499.00
Buy Now
Network N earns affiliate commission from qualifying sales.
That's everything you need to put together the best Arataki Itto build - keep an eye out for new
Genshin Impact codes
for those all-important primogems.
Original article by Jen Rothery.