Itto is getting a rerun in
Genshin Impact
! Since his December 2021 debut,
the one and oni
’s shown up quite a few times. Which means it might be time to start wondering who should be on a team with Itto. Well, the good news is, he’s really a versatile character! Also, since he’s Geo, you don’t need to worry about elemental reactions. Rather, your ideal composition will depend on how many constellations Itto has and if Gorou is around.    First, if you don’t have any constellations (doubles) of Itto no Gorou, the answer is easy. He’s a primary DPS character. Go for secondary DPS characters you like that could provide buffs, shields, or resonance. If you have Noelle or Zhongli, add them to the party. Go ahead and include people who you can bring in, use their Elemental Skill or Burst quickly, then send back again. You’re good.    Now, if you have a C2 Itto, Gorou, or both, then you want to run a team with at least three Geo characters on it. This is because Gorou at any constellation provides additional buffs based on having up to three Geo allies around. Meanwhile, Itto’s second constellation is Gather ‘Round, It’s a Brawl! That decreases his Elemental Burst’s cooldown by 1.5 seconds and gives six energy to him for each Geo person around. So if you have a full party of four Geo folks, he will get 18 energy and will be able to use his Elemental Burst 4.5 seconds sooner.
As for Gorou, he’s a support character! His Inuzaka All-Round Defense Elemental Skill can give three buffs. If you only have one character around, you get a boost to defense. If two are around, which you should absolutely have with both him and Itto there, it will be more difficult for enemies to interrupt your attacks and combos. When three show up, you get a bonus to all Geo damage dealt.     At that point, you already know who two of the ideal party members for this team should be: Itto and Gorou. From there, almost any other Geo character would do. I’d advise against Yun Jun, since her abilities don’t complement a Geo-only crew. But if you have Albedo, Ningguang, Noelle, and/or Zhongli, toss them into the party. (Okay, Yun Jun can join too, if you really need a fourth.)     If you don’t have or want all Geo characters, then three isn’t bad! Just make sure Itto and Gorou are two of them. What I like to do is make my team Itto, Gorou, Zhongli, and Kokomi sometimes. That way, Kokomi can heal if needed and Zhongli’s always giving Itto a shield, while Gorou’s
Genshin Impact
is available for the PS4, PS5, PC, and mobile devices, and the Itto banner will
run December 7-27, 2022
.