The Best Party Setups For Tighnari In Genshin Impact
By
Sanyam Jain
Updated
Apr 26, 2023, 11:00 AM EDT
Sanyam Jain is a Staff Writer at TheGamer who has worked as a professional gaming journalist since 2022. A Journalism and Mass Communication graduate, he has been testing the limits of the games he plays for as long as he can remember.
An expert in RPG, Open-World, and Gacha games, Sanyam's articles are based on hours upon hours of testing with every new character, mechanic, or puzzle to ensure that you get every information you'll need about it.
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Genshin Impact
allows you to have four characters in one team, and you can choose from a wide range of characters, each with their own elements and play styles. The game is based around team play, and you can't do a lot with single characters, except for a few exceptions. You need to have synergy between them to succeed.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best Team Compositions For Collei
Along with the Version 3.0 update, the first five-star Dendro character in the game was released called Tighnari. A forest ranger with a unique skill set, he allows for some interesting team compositions that would be obsolete otherwise.
Updated April 25, 2023, by Sanyam Jain:
With time, plenty of Dendro characters and Dendro-based reaction supports have been released in Genshin Impact. This has significantly increased the number of teams you can put Tighnari in and made some of the previous ones much better.
6
Raw Buffed Damage
Tighnari
Bennett
Zhongli
Chongyun
The first team consists of some of the strongest support characters, allowing Tighnari to really show his maximum damage possible. Chongyun might seem like a questionable addition here since Dendro doesn't react with Cryo, but it's this character's specific trait that we're after.
Chongyun's second constellation allows players to have a 15 percent lesser cooldown on elemental skill and burst when it's used inside the field it creates. Tighnari's elemental skill has a 12 seconds cooldown, which can be reduced significantly due to this.
The rotation for this team will start with Chongyun's burst and then skill so that he can recharge some energy. Follow this up with Zhongli's elemental skill, and then Bennett's burst and skill. Finally, switch over to Tighnari and use his skills before you use charged attacks on the enemy, doing a good amount of damage with a lesser cooldown.
To make this team function well, you'll have to get a ton of Energy Recharge on Bennett and Chongyun, so it's recommended to use the Emblem of Severed Fate artifact set on them.
5
Mono Dendro Team
Tighnari
Alhaitham
Yaoyao
Venti
Genshin Impact thrives on elemental reactions and you'll get the most damage if you trigger them, but mono teams for every element are also quite popular in the game. With a variety of Dendro characters in the game, Tighnari can also have his own mono team using the characters above.
Venti is the only different element character in this team, but you need him since both Tighnari and Alhaitham perform well when the enemies are grouped up. Yaoyao is also one of the best healers in the game, which fits this team perfectly. You need to upgrade Venti to level 90 if you want to get the most value.
As for the rotation, you can group up the enemies with Venti before placing Yaoyao's Elemental Skill. After that, you can use Tighnari's Skill and Burst, shoot three charged attacks, and then execute Alhaitham's combination. This team can have constant damage output if you have good uptime on the characters.
4
The Burning Sensation
Tighnari
Collei
Xiangling
Bennett
Before the Sumeru update launched, Dendro's only interaction was with Pyro. Whenever a Dendro Samachurl applied fire to your character, you would have the burn effect for much longer than normal. This team is based around the same reaction, except it's going to be the enemy burning this time.
Collei's involvement is essential in this team because, despite being a Dendro character, Tighnari doesn't have a lot of Dendro application himself. Further, Bennett fits the team perfectly because of his ATK buff from the elemental burst.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best Weapons For Tighnari
For this team, the rotation needs to start with Bennett's elemental burst and skill, followed by Xiangling's elemental burst and skill. After that, simply use Collei's skills before switching to Tighnari and executing his skills and charged attacks. Dendro needs to be applied readily if you want to keep the enemy burning.
3
Blooming Demise
Tighnari
Collei
Sangonomiya Kokomi
Kamisato Ayato
Bloom is one of the most interesting reactions in Genshin Impact because it spawns a physical entity that can be further interacted with in different ways to deal different kinds of damage based on your enemy. This reaction is caused when Hydro meets Dendro, forming a Dendro Core beside the enemy.
Up to five seeds can exist on the battlefield at one point. As soon as the sixth one arrives, the first one will instantly blow up, dealing AoE Dendro damage. Having Nilou on the team changes the behavior of these Cores since you can form Bountiful Cores after using her Skill. These cores will explode much faster and deal a ton of damage.
Your active character will also take damage from the Bountiful Core, which makes it important to use a healer. Sangonomiya Kokomi fits the bill perfectly since she has great Hydro application and healing effects. The rotation for this team is quite flexible since every character's main effect lasts for a long time.
You just need to ensure that you maximize the Dendro and Hydro applications. Keep an eye on your active character's health bar since it can deplete much faster than you imagine.
2
Hyperbloom Monstrosity
Tighnari
Yae Miko
Sangonomiya Kokomi
Bennett
The seeds formed through Bloom have other functions other than just exploding. Whenever Electro is applied to these seeds, they select a random target and deal single-target damage to the enemy, which is a lot more than the AoE explosion. This can be great for boss enemies.
Yae Miko's kitsune cause thunder strikes to fall at an enemy's location that also deals AoE Electro damage. Since the seeds are usually around the enemies, they'll get affected by this and trigger Hyperbloom, allowing this team to function. The rotation for this one is pretty simple and straightforward.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: How To Clear Dreadful Withering In Sumeru
Start with Yae Miko's elemental skill, followed by Kokomi's elemental skill, and finally Bennett's elemental burst and skill, before switching to Tighnari. As you apply Dendro to the enemies with Tighnari, Kokomi's skill will cause Bloom, while Yae's skill will cause Hyperbloom, allowing this team to function automatically.
While this team might seem perfect, it outshines in the battles where you fight less amount of tanky enemies. This is very common in Spiral Abyss, making this one of the strongest teams for that.
1
Shockingly Amazing
Tighnari
Yae Miko
Raiden Shogun
Zhongli
This final team is arguably the strongest one for Tighnari, and rightfully so, since it involves two Archons. It makes use of the Quicken reaction and its counterparts that involve Dendro and Electro elements. Zhongli is present in this team to be the usual Zhongli and provide resistance shred and damage prevention.
You only need the elemental skills of Zhongli, Raiden Shogun, and Yae Miko for this party to work, but you can always use their elemental bursts during downtime to dish out some extra damage. As for the rotation, simply use all three of their elemental skills in any order before switching to Tighnari.
Continue using his elemental skill and burst to apply Dendro as the Electro application constantly triggers Quicken, Aggravate, and Spread, significantly increasing your Electro and Dendro damage dealt.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact Complete Guide
Live-Service Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
25.9%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
20.6%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.0%
007 First Light
007 First Light
8.1%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
10.9%
Other
Other
22.5%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
The Original Tomb Raider Is Being Reimagined As A 2D Side Scroller
Pragmata Debuts To 'Overwhelmingly Positive' Steam User Reviews
The Legend Of Zelda: Majora’s Mask Still Terrifies Me 26 Years Later