How Tos
Genshin Impact Gorou guide - best build, strengths, and weaknesses
By
Harsh Paliwal
|
May 10, 2023
iOS
+
Android
|
Genshin Impact
Prefer Pocket Gamer on Google
X
Facebook
Reddit
Welcome to Pocket Gamer’s detailed
Genshin Impact Gorou guide
! Gorou is a loyal and brave general of Watatsumi island. Born with a beast-like fighting intuition and tenacious will, he can find a way to victory even in the most critical moments. He leads the Watatsumi troops, who have far fewer military resources compared to the Shogunate. Gorou strives to ensure that the inhabitants of this island will live in safety and peace.
In this guide below you will find the following features:
General Info & how to get Gorou
Strengths & Weaknesses
Best Build (Artifacts & Weapons
)
Best Party Members for Gorou
Talents / Skills / Passive
Talent Leveling Materials
Constellations
Ascensions costs
Character Appearance
GOROU ELEMENT / TIER / RARITY / WEAPON
Geo / S Tier / 4* Rarity / Bow
In Genshin Impact, Gorou is a ranged bow user that can deal a significant amount of Geo damage with his abilities. Gorou is best used in a Geo-elemental team as his Elemental skill provides massive buffs to the entire party if there are 3 or more Geo elemental characters in the party.
How to get Gorou
Gorou is currently available from any Standard Wish banner at a standardized 4-Star character rate. Note that you cannot summon Gorou from Beginner’s Wish banner.
GOROU COMBAT INFO (STRENGTHS AND WEAKNESSES)
Strengths
Gorou remains to be the best support for Defence scaling Geo elemental DPS characters
Easy to play and get
Gorou is fairly easy to build
Provides a ton of useful buffs such as Increased defence and resistance
Weaknesses
Works in very few niche areas of the game
High energy charging requirements
BEST BUILD FOR GOROU IN GENSHIN IMPACT
Gorou works best when he is built as a Geo DPS Support. His ability to boost the damage output of Defence-based Geo characters is unmatched. Try to get main stat in Energy Recharge as that should help you use your Elemental Burst whenever it is off cooldown. Gorou’s damage isn’t exactly the worst but not good either. Build Gorou with ample Defence% to get the best use out of his Elemental skill.
GOROU - BEST ARTIFACTS AND WEAPONS
Husk of Opulent Fate
Energy Recharge / Geo DMG / CRIT RATE Set Bonuses:
(2) DEF +30%
(4) A character equipped with this Artifact set will obtain the Curiosity effect in the following conditions: When on the field, the character gains 1 stack after hitting an opponent with a Geo attack, triggering a maximum of once every 0.3s. When off the field, the character gains 1 stack every 3s. Curiosity can stack up to 4 times, each providing 6% DEF and a 6% Geo DMG Bonus. When 6 seconds pass without gaining a Curiosity stack, 1 stack is lost.
How to Obtain
: Can be earned by challenging the Slumbering Court Domain on Seirai Island.
Elegy for the End
Base Attack: 46
Rating: 5*
Bonus Effect: Energy Recharge 12.0%
Skill: The Parting Refrain
: Increased Elemental Mastery by 60. Gain sigils when dealing damage with Elemental Skill or Burst every .2s even when off-field. At 4 sigils, all sigils will be consumed and Elemental Mastery is increased by 100 and ATK increased by 20% for 12s. Once the effect is triggered, you cannot gain Sigils for 20s. The same buffs from the Millennial Movement series do not stack.
How to Obtain
: Gacha
BEST PARTY MEMBERS TO MATCH GOROU WITH IN GENSHIN IMPACT
Premium (Gacha) Team
If you’re looking for the best team for Gorou, here is a prime example:
Itto
– Itto’s damage output can be massively buffed with Gorou’s buffs. Plus, Itto is a Geo elemental character, adding to Geo synergy.
Albedo
– Gorou can be helpful for boosting Albedo’s damage from his elemental skill. Plus, Albedo is a Geo elemental character, adding to Geo synergy.
Ningguang
– Enhances Ningguang’s interruption stat along with her overall damage output. Plus, Ningguang is a Geo elemental character, adding to Geo synergy.
Noelle
– Noelle’s abilities are boosted as they scale with Defence and Gorou’s elemental skill improves defence. Plus, Noelle is a Geo elemental character, adding to Geo synergy.
F2P Team
If you’re looking for the best free-to-play for Gorou, here is an example:
Kaeya
– Kaeya can be a great energy booster for Gorou to assist him in spamming his abilities.
Geo Traveller
– Enhances Geo traveller’s overall damage output. Plus, Geo Traveller is a Geo elemental character, adding to Geo synergy.
Noelle
– Noelle’s abilities are boosted as they scale with Defence and Gorou’s elemental skill improves defence. Plus, Noelle is a Geo elemental character, adding to Geo synergy.
TALENTS / SKILLS / PASSIVE
Ripping Fang Fletching - Normal Attack
Normal
: Performs up to 4 consecutive shots with a bow.
Charge Attack
: Perform a more precise Aimed Shot with increased DMG. While aiming, stone crystals will accumulate on the arrowhead. A fully charged crystalline arrow will deal Geo DMG.
Plunging Attack:
Fires off a shower of arrows in mid-air before falling and striking the ground, dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Skill Attributes
1-Hit DMG: 37.8%
2-Hit DMG: 37.2%
3-Hit DMG: 49.5%
4-Hit DMG: 59.0%
Aimed Shot: 43.9%
Fully-Charged Aimed Shot: 124%
Plunge DMG: 56.8%
Low/High Plunge DMG: 114%/142%
Inuzuka All-Round Defence - Elemental Skill
Deals AoE Geo DMG and sets up a General's War Banner.
General's War Banner
Provides up to 3 buffs to active characters within the skill's AoE based on the number of Geo characters in the party at the time of casting:
1 Geo character: Adds "Standing Firm" - DEF Bonus.
2 Geo characters: Adds "Impregnable" - Increased resistance to interruption.
3 Geo characters: Adds "Crunch" - Geo DMG Bonus.
Gorou can deploy only 1 General's War Banner on the field at any one time.
Characters can only benefit from 1 General's War Banner at a time. When a party member leaves the field, the active buff will last for 2s.
Hold Elemental Skill
Adjust the location of the skill.
Skill Attributes
Skill DMG: 107.2%
DEF Increase: 206
Geo DMG Bonus: 15%
Duration: 10.0s
CD: 10.0s
Juuga: Forward into Victory - Elemental Burst
Displaying his valour as a general, Gorou deals AoE Geo DMG and creates a field known as General's Glory to embolden his comrades.
General’s Glory
This field has the following properties:
Like the General's War Banner created by Inazuka All-Round Defence, provides buffs to active characters within the skill's AoE based on the number of Geo characters in the party. Also moves together with your active character.
Generates 1 Crystal Collapse every 1.5s that deals AoE Geo DMG to 1 opponent within the skill's AoE.
Pulls 1 elemental shard in the skill's AoE to your active character's position every 1.5s (elemental shards are created by Crystallize reactions).
If a General's War banner created by Gorou currently exists on the field when his ability is used, it will be destroyed. In addition, for the duration of General's Glory, Gorou's Elemental Skill "Inazuka All-Round Defence" will not create the General's War Banner.
If Gorou falls, the effects of General's Glory will be cleared.
Skill Attributes
Skill DMG: 98% DEF
Crystal Collapse DMG: 61% DEF
Duration: 9.0s
CD: 20.0s
Energy Cost: 80
Heedless of the Wind and the Feather - 1st Ascension Passive
After using Juuga: Forward Unto Victory, all nearby party members' DEF is increased by 25% for 12s.
A Favor Repaid - 4th Ascension Passive
Gorou receives the following DMG Bonuses to his attacks based on his DEF:
Inuzaka All-Round Defence: Skill DMG increased by 156% of DEF
Juuga: Forward Unto Victory: Skill DMG and Crystal Collapse DMG increased by 15.6% of DEF
Seeker of Shinies - Unlocked Automatically
Displays the location of nearby resources unique to Gorou on the mini-map.
TALENT LEVELING MATERIALS
Gained from Enemy Drops (Hilichurls):
Spectral Husk
Spectral Heart
Spectral Nucleus
Acquired from Domains (Wednesday/Saturday/Sunday):
Teachings of Light
Guide to Light
Philosophies of Light
Obtained after defeating Bosses (La Signora Challenge):
Molten Moment
CONSTELLATIONS
Rushing Hound: Swift as the Wind
When characters (other than Gorou) within the AoE of Gorou's General War Banner or General's Glory deal Geo DMG to opponents, the CD of Gorou's Inuzaka All-Round Defence is decreased by 2 seconds. This effect can occur every 10 seconds.
Sitting Hound: Steady as a Clock
While General's Glory is in effect, its duration is extended by 1s when a nearby active character obtains an Elemental Shard from a Crystallize Reaction.
This effect can occur once every 0.1s. Max extension is 3s.
Mauling Hound: Fierce as Fire
Increases the level of Inuzaka All-Round Defence by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Lapping Hound: Warm as Water
When General's Glory is in the ''Impregnable'' or ''Crunch'' states, it will also heal active characters within its AoE by 50% of Gorou's own DEF every 1.5s.
Striking Hound: Thunderous Force
Increases the level of Juuga: Forward Unto Glory by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Valiant Hound: Mountainous Fealty
For 12s after using Inuzaka All-Round Defence or Juuga: Forward Unto Victory, increases the CRIT DMG of all nearby party members' Geo DMG based on the buff level of the skill's field at the time of use:
''Standing Firm'': +10%
''Impregnable'': +20%
''Crunch'': +40%
This effect cannot stack and will take reference from the last instance of the effect that is triggered.
GENSHIN IMPACT GOROU ASCENSIONS COSTS
Phase 1
Lv.20→Lv.40
Mora Cost: 20,000
Prithiva Topaz Sliver ×1
Sango Pearl ×3
Spectral Husk ×3
Phase 2
Lv.40→Lv.50
Mora Cost: 30,000
Prithiva Topaz Fragment ×3
Perpetual Heart ×2
Sango Pearl ×10
Spectral Husk ×15
Phase 3
Lv.50→Lv.60
Mora Cost: 60,000
Prithiva Topaz Fragment ×6
Perpetual Heart ×4
Sango Pearl ×20
Spectral Heart ×12
Phase 4
Lv.60→Lv.70
Mora Cost: 80,000
Prithiva Topaz Chunk ×3
Perpetual Heart ×8
Sango Pearl ×30
Spectral Heart ×18
Phase 5
Lv.70→Lv.80
Mora Cost: 100,000
Prithiva Topaz Chunk ×6
Perpetual Heart ×12
Sango Pearl ×45
Spectral Nucleus ×12
Phase 6 (MAX)
Lv.80→Lv.90
Mora Cost: 120,000
Prithiva Topaz Gemstone ×6
Perpetual Heart ×20
Sango Pearl ×60
Spectral Nucleus ×24
We also have a
Genshin Impact tier list
of all the characters if you want to check how well Gorou performs in comparison to other characters! Also, soon enough, we plan to make a Genshin Impact characters hub with all of the available characters and their detailed guides!
Harsh Paliwal
LinkedIn
Helping organizations and individuals by curating and creating different types of written content and editorial services for everything regarding gaming on Mobile, with an emphasis on the RPG/ARPG/MMORPG/MMO/TD/Gacha genres.
Next Up :
Dicero beginner's guide - 5 tips for mastering the dice