Genshin Impact Gorou Guide: Ascension, Talent Materials, Best Weapons, Artifacts
Amjad
November 11, 2021
No Comments
Guides
Gorou is the new geo character that is featured in Genshin Impact update 2.3. In order to make the most out of the unit, you need to upgrade him and his talents. In this Genshin Impact guide, we are going to go over the materials that you need to level up Gorou and recommend a build for him.
Genshin Impact Gorou Ascension And Talent Materials
The following are all the ascension and talent materials that you need to upgrade Gorou and his talents.
Ascension Materials
The following are the ascension materials that you need to level up Gorou to 80:
1x Prithiva Topaz Sliver
9x Prithiva Topaz Fragment
9x Prithiva Topaz Chunk
6x Prithiva Topaz Gemstone
46x Perpetual Hearts
168x Sango Pearls
18x Spectral Husk
30x Spectral Heart
36x Spectral Nucleus
Prithiva Topaz Sliver
and higher-tier variants of the resource can be earned by defeating the Geo Hypostasis and Primo Geovishap bosses. Once you have the base resources you can use the crafting station to convert them into the higher-tier variants. You can get
Perpetual Hearts
by beating the Perpetual Mechanical Array boss. Taking on these bosses takes up a lot of resin so you should have some transient resin or fragile resin if you are interested in farming these resources quickly.
Sango Pearls
can be found on Watatsumi Island in the Inazuma region. You can find some around Kokomi’s palace.
Spectral Husk
and higher-tier variants of the resource can be farmed by beating Spectres. Once you have the base resources you can convert them into the higher-tier ones at the crafting station.
Talent Materials
The following are the talent materials that you need to upgrade all of Gorou’s talents:
Teachings of Light
Guide to Light
Philosophies of Light
18x Spectral Husk
66x Spectral Heart
93x Spectral Nucleus
18x Molten Moment
3x Crown of Insight
You can get
Molten Moment
by beating La Signora. You can only get rewards from this boss once a week, so farming this might take a while. If you have other drops from this boss then you can convert them into Molten Moment at the crafting station
if you have Dream Solvent
. You can get
Crown of Insight
from events or by leveling up the shrine tree in Inazuma.
Best Genshin Impact Gorou Build
Leveling up Gorou and his talents is not going to be enough. You also need the right weapon and artifact in order to make the most of the unit. The following is the build that we recommend for Gorou in Genshin Impact.
Best Weapons
Elegy for the End
is the best weapon that we can recommend for Gorou. This is a 5-star weapon so you do have to spend your Primogems on the weapons banner when it is available if you do not already have it. The weapon has energy recharge as the bonus stat and its passive increases elemental mastery.
Favonius Warbow
is a great alternative that offers higher energy recharge compared to Elegy for the End and you get bonus elemental particles when you deal a crit hit.
We do not recommend the Sacrificial Bow for Gorou as he is not going to benefit from the skill cooldown cancellation.
Best Artifacts
You are most definitely going to use this unit as a support and that is why we recommend using the
Noblesse Oblige
set. This increases elemental burst damage by 20% and when you use your elemental burst attack, all the members of your party get a 20% attack buff. We recommend getting geo damage bonus on the cup and crit rate or crit damage on the hat.
Alternatively, you can also go for the
Archaic Petra
set. This is going to increase your geo damage bonus by 15%. Party members also get a 35% elemental damage bonus depending on the elemental shard that is picked up. We recommend defense% primary stats for this set.
This is what you need to know about building Gorou in Genshin Impact. If you are interested in learning more then you can check out our guide on
how you should build Thoma
.
Genshin Impact
Amjad
Editor and Senior Content Writer at PrimeWikis. Former PC Hardware Editor at SegmentNext. Gaming since the second grade.
Related Goodies
Genshin Impact Barbara Build Guide: Best Weapon, Artifacts
May 6, 2021
Genshin Impact Xiangling Guide: Ascension, Talent Materials, Best Weapons, Artifacts
October 29, 2021
Genshin Impact Fate Points Guide: How To Get
July 27, 2021
Genshin Impact Yun Jin Guide: Artifacts, Weapons, Ascension And Talent Materials
December 30, 2021
Leave a Reply
Cancel Reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked
*
Comment
You may use these
HTML
tags and attributes:
<a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong>
Name
*
Email
*
Website