Gorou is a playable Geo character in Genshin Impact. He is one of the most powerful and thus popular characters for playing as a Support. We decided to write this guide to help you learn more about Gorou. In our Genshin Impact Gorou Build and Best Team Comp post you will learn about Gorou’s talents, how they work and how to upgrade them. Also, you will read about his Constellations that will help you make Gorou even more powerful. After that, we have written Genshin Impact Gorou Build where you’ll see weapon and artifact set. And at last, we have mentioned the best team comps for Gorou as the Support hero.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
The whole information is presented in tables. You can use the navigation bar above to move quickly to the information block that you are most interested in.
Talents
Constellations
Build
Team
Gorou Build
Below you can see the best weapon option for playing Gorou in Genshin Impact. Accompanied by the best Gorou artifact set and its stat priorities.
Support Build
If you play this champion as a Support in your comp you should take the weapon and artifacts from the list below. They are believed to be the most effective ones in almost all situations.
Weapon
Favonius Warbow
Weapon Substitutes:
Elegy For The End
,
Sacrificial Bow
.
Artifact Set
Husk of Opulent Dreams
(2-Piece)
&
Emblem of Severed Fate
(2-Piece)
Artifact Main Stats Priority:
DEF% / Energy Recharge
DEF% / Geo DMG Bonus
DEF%
Sub Stats Priority: Energy Recharge > DEF% > CRIT DMG > CRIT Rate
Talent Priority
Inuzaka All-Round Defense > Juuga: Forward Unto Victory > Ripping Fang Fletching
Best Team Compositions for Gorou
When you play Genshin Impact everything depends not only on your main character but also on the composition. You should learn how elements complement each other and build the best team for your main. Below you can see the best team composition for Gorou with Main DPS and two sub DPS characters. Also, we have included alternative characters for each role that go well with Gorou too.
Gorou is a unique character who can boost the damage of Geo teammates. If you collect a team of three Geo characters Gorou activates the best bonus. Having this in mind Itto and Albedo are the best matches for him. Itto gets maximal profit from Gorou’s abilities and a great boost of Geo damage. While Albedo will be a sub-dps with the focus on his Flower that will deal more damage. Raiden is a sub-DPS on swap while Itto is stacking his Elemental Burst.
Good characters for this comp:
Zhongli, Ningguang, Noelle, Venti, Jean, Xinyan.
How to Build Genshin Impact Gorou Team?
If you want to know more about every teammate for Gorou you can click on the link below and find them in the list of all Genshin Impact characters that we have described.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
In case you are still not sure what champion you want to pick as main we have
Genshin Impact characters tier list
with explanations on how to build your best team.
Gorou Talents
Below you can see the list of talents that Gorou uses during the fight. Each of them we have described with the main characteristics.
Ripping Fang Fletching
Normal Attack
Normal Attack:
Perform up to 4 consecutive shots with a bow.
Charged Attack:
Perform a more precise Aimed Shot with increased DMG. While aiming, stone crystals will accumulate on the arrowhead. A fully charged crystalline arrow will deal Geo DMG.
Plunging Attack:
Fires off a shower of arrows in mid-air before falling and striking the ground, dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Inuzaka All-Round Defense
Elemental Skill
Deals AoE Geo DMG and sets up a
General’s War Banner:
Provides up to 3 buffs to active characters within the skill’s AoE based on the number of Geo characters in the party at the time of casting:
1 Geo character: Adds “Standing Firm” – DEF Bonus.
2 Geo characters: Adds “Impregnable” – Increased resistance to interruption.
3 Geo characters: Adds “Crunch” – Geo DMG Bonus.
Gorou can deploy only 1 General’s War Banner on the field at any one time. Characters can only benefit from 1 General’s War Banner at a time. When a party member leaves the field, the active buff will last for 2s.
Hold:
Adjust the location of the skill.
Juuga: Forward Unto Victory
Elemental Burst
Displaying his valor as a general, Gorou deals Aoe Geo DMG and creates a field known as General’s Glory to embolden his comrades.
General’s Glory.
This field has the following properties:Like the General’s War Banner created by Inazuka All-Round Defense, provides buffs to active characters within the skill’s AoE based on the number of Geo characters in the party. Also moves together with your active character. Generates 1 Crystal Collapse every 1.5s that deals AoE Geo DMG to 1 opponent within the skill’s AoE. Pulls 1 elemental shard in the skill’s AoE to your active character’s position every 1.5s (elemental shards are created by Crystallize reactions). If a General’s War banner created by Gorou currently exists on the field when his ability is used, it will be destroyed. In addition, for the duration of General’s Glory, Gorou’s Elemental Skill “Inazuka All-Round Defense” will not create the General’s War Banner. If Gorou falls, the effects of General’s Glory will be cleared.
Heedless of the Wind and Weather
1st Ascension Passive
After using Juuga: Forward Unto Victory, all nearby party members’ DEF is increased by 25% for 12s.
A Favor Repaid
4th Ascension Passive
Gorou receives the following DMG Bonuses to his attacks based on his DEF:
Inuzaka All-Round Defense:
Skill DMG increased by 156% of DEF
Juuga: Forward Unto Victory:
Skill DMG and Crystal Collapse DMG increased by 15.6% of DEF
Seeker of Shinies
Utility Passive
Displays the location of nearby resources unique to Inazuma on the mini-map.
Every talent can be upgraded up to level 15. But to do so you will need to gather materials on particular days. The list of the needed materials for leveling Gorou’s talents is mentioned in the next block.
Talent Leveling Materials
So here you can see all materials that you will need in order to level up Gorou’s talents.
Talent Level-Up Materials
Light Books:
Teachings of Light
,
Guide to Light
,
Philosophies of Light
.
Common Ascension Materials
Spectral Husk
,
Spectral Heart
,
Spectral Nucleus
.
Weekly Boss Material
Molten Moment
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
Some of them are required at the beginning for low levels and others are more advanced. We just wanted to focus your attention on material types in general.
Gorou Constellations
In Genshin Impact characters have a specific upgrade system called constellation. You will need to get a specific item called Stella Fortuna to increase the level of constellation. Each character has their own version of Stella Fortuna, which you get by obtaining a duplicate of the character from Wishes.
Level 1
Rushing Hound: Swift as the Wind
When characters (other than Gorou) within the AoE of Gorou’s General’s War Banner or General’s Glory deal Geo DMG to opponents, the CD of Gorou’s Inuzaka All-Round Defense is decreased by 2s. This effect can occur once every 10s.
Level 2
Sitting Hound: Steady as a Clock
While General’s Glory is in effect, its duration is extended by 1s when a nearby active character obtains an Elemental Shard from a Crystallize reaction. This effect can occur once every 0.1s. Max extension is 3s.
Level 3
Mauling Hound: Fierce as Fire
Increases the Level of Inuzaka All-Round Defense by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4
Jailhouse Bread and Butter
When General’s Glory is in the “Impregnable” or “Crunch” states, it will also heal active characters within its AoE by 50% of Gorou’s own DEF every 1.5s.
Level 5
Striking Hound: Thunderous Force
Increases the Level of Juuga: Forward Unto Victory by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6
Valiant Hound: Mountainous Fealty
For 12s after using Inuzaka All-Round Defense or Juuga: Forward Unto Victory, increases the CRIT DMG of all nearby party members’ Geo DMG based on the buff level of the skill’s field at the time of use:
“Standing Firm”: +10%, “Impregnable”: +20%, “Crunch”: +40%.
This effect cannot stack and will take reference from the last instance of the effect that is triggered.
Every Genshin Impact character has own set of constellations above you can see Gorou constellations list with descriptions.
Ascension Materials
In addition, there are ascension phases that increase the level cap for your character. After Gorou reaches the 20th level he can be ascended to the next ascension phase, up to phase 6, which allow getting 90th level.
Character Ascension Materials
Prithiva Topaz:
Prithiva Topaz Sliver
,
Prithiva Topaz Fragment
,
Prithiva Topaz Chunk
,
Prithiva Topaz Gemstone
.
Perpetual Heart
Common Ascension Materials
Spectral Husk
,
Spectral Heart
,
Spectral Nucleus
.
Local Specialty
Sango Pearl
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
In order to level up ascension phases you’ll need materials. So the list of those required for Gorou is listed above.
Artem R.
I have been an avid gamer since childhood. My favorite genres are RPGs, Action, and MMOs. Some of my all-time favorite games include the Diablo and Path of Exile ARPG series, the Dark Souls series, and JRPGs like Xenoblade, Atelier, and the Final Fantasy. I am also a big fan of the PSP and PS Vita, and I currently enjoy gaming on my Nintendo Switch.
Post Views:
4,280
Please share it with your friends
Tags:
Genshin Impact
Post navigation
Previous
Diablo 3 Grace of Inarius Death Nova Necromancer Build
Next
Genshin Impact Arataki Itto Build and Best Team Comp