Want to know what the best Genshin Impact Gorou build is? A fan favourite
Genshin Impact character
, Gorou is a Geo bow user with a unique skill. Any damage done with his skills uses his defence stat, but it's not worth raising his defence to astronomical degrees to get the best build. Instead, he's best suited to supporting other Geo users.
Here, you will find the
best Gorou build
, including which weapon and artifacts you should give him, why you should unlock his fourth constellation, and what role he plays as a support in your team.
Best Genshin Impact Gorou support build
The best Gorou build is:
Best weapon:
Favonius Warbow
Best artifact:
Husk of Opulent Dreams (4-piece)
The best weapon for this build is the
Favonius Warbow
. With this weapon equipped, every time he lands a Crit hit, the bow generates six energy particles (there's a short cooldown after generating this energy). Since Gorou has terrible natural energy generation and his elemental burst cost is expensive, this bow does a lot to help him with this weakness. Upgrade this bow to its maximum level to get a 100% chance to generate the energy for each Crit hit, with a cooldown of just six seconds.
Sacrificial Bow
is also quite good for ending his cooldown a little bit sooner, but we recommend energy generation above this.
The natural pairing for Gorou's abilities is the four-piece
Husk of Opulent Dreams
set. With it, Gorou gains a 'curiosity effect' whenever he hits an enemy with a Geo attack, and it helps buff his defence a little bit. This effect is why we think having the fourth constellation active is key to the build. If you have the four-piece set equipped, your specials boost defence and the constellation's healing power to all allies.
Noblesse Oblige
also helps buff the attacks of all party members by 20% for 12 seconds if you have the four-piece set, so it's a good alternative if you don't have the Husk set. The
Emblem of Severed Fate
is also a legitimate alternative, as the two-piece tier gives you a 20% boost to energy recharge, which is important given the high energy cost of Gorou's Elemental Burst. Two pieces of four-star
The Exile
set also achieves this, and you could combo the two together, or have two of Opulent Dreams and two of one of the energy regen sets.
For this build to really shine, you need to unlock Gorou's fourth constellation - Lapping Hound: Warm as Water. This constellation makes his elemental burst ability even better. If the area of effect, known as General's Glory, has either the Impregnable or Crunch states, it also heals active characters within the AoE for 50% of Gorou's defence. Naturally, we want Gorou to activate this as often as possible.
Best Genshin Impact Gorou team
Gorou's skills become more potent the more Geo users there are on your team. You only get the full benefits if you have three Geo users (and Gorou counts towards this quota) and one character of another element. It makes him fantastic at supporting
Genshin Impact's Itto
to ensure it deals the maximum damage possible. His skills also work well with
a good Albedo build
since Albedo's abilities synergise with Gorou's nicely. Your final team member should be someone who can take advantage of the Crystalise
Genshin Impact elemental reaction
.
Razer Iskur X - Genshin Impact Edition
Razer Iskur X - Genshin Impact Edition
Razer
$499.00
Buy Now
Network N earns affiliate commission from qualifying sales.
That's the best Genshin Impact Gorou build. Don't forget to check our our guide to the
best new Genshin Impact characters
coming in the future. We've also got a guide on everything we know about
Genshin Impact 2.8
so far, as well as
Genshin Impact codes
for those free primogems.