Genshin Impact is an open-world action role-playing game in which the player controls one of four replaceable party members. During combat, switching between characters is rapid and allows the player to employ a variety of skill and attack combinations. In this Yoimiya Farming guide, we will be taking a look at the farming for Yoimiya.
Yoimiya Farming Guide | Patch 2.8 – Genshin Impact
This guide will help you a lot when it comes to preparing yourself for the new banner and preparing the correct artifacts, weapons, materials, etc.
First of all, you will need to go to the
Pyro Hypostasis
. A crucial item that you’ll need to take with you for this farm guide to be much more effective and stable, is the
Smoldering Pearl
item.
Another type of material that is helpful is the
Naku Weed
. This can be found all throughout the Inazuma Region.
For the Talent Book, you will need to go to the
Violet Court
which is located in the Azuma region and you’re going to want to get some of the
Teaching of Transience
to level up her towns. You can get these on a Monday, Thursday or Sunday.
Source:
Kekvin
For Yoimiya Dungeon Boss materials, you’ll need to come
Beneath the Dragon-Queller.
This is unlocked after completing Zhang Lee’s part 2 Story Quest. You’re going to want to get with you some of the
Dragon Lord’s Crown
. You will need this to ascend her talents past level 6.
How to Farm for Yoimiya | Patch 2.8 – Genshin Impact
For her mob drop materials, you’ll need to farm the
Samachurl
. They will also drop the
Forbidden Curse Scroll
. These are needed for both her ascension and her talents. These enemies can be actually found all throughout Teyvat.
Youmiya’s best weapon for whales is going to be the
Thundering Pulse
which will be actually featured on the upcoming banner. For free to plays or low-budget players, your best option is going to be the
Rust Bow
. You can get this on the standard banner or any character event banner.
Source:
Kekvin
For the Artifacts, your best choice will be the
Four Piece Shimenawa
and a very close second will be the
Two
–
Piece
Crimson list of Flames
. Also, any two-piece attack % set can also work as well as these others too. You got more options when it comes to this solution.
As for the
Artifact Stats
, you’ll want to be going for Attackers and all the Sands, Pyro Damage Bonus on the goblet, and Crit Damage or Crit Rate on whatever you need to balance out your ratio on the hat.
Now we come to the
Talents
section. You will want to prioritize her normal attack, her skill, and then lastly her burst if you have the extra materials you will have the option to upgrade her burst but it is not as important as the other two.
A big thank you and all the credit goes to Kekvin from YouTube. He is going into detail and much information about all his Genshin Impact videos. You can check them out
here
.
READ NEXT:
Is KAZUHA Still WORTH PULLING? Character Analysis & Discussion | Genshin Impact 2.8