Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Yoimiya materials, kit, and Constellations
Ascension and Talent materials for Yoimiya.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Guide
by
Jessica Orr
Senior Guides Writer
Published on
April 26, 2025
Follow Genshin Impact
Yoimiya
is a 5-Star Pyro character who debuted in
Genshin Impact
during version 2.0.
While Yoimiya is featured as one of the boosted 5-Star characters on the Chronicled Wish Banner in
version 5.6
, she will eventually return to
Genshin Impact
at some point in the future when the
Banner schedule
cycles back to her.
If you want to prepare for her, we've listed
Yoimiya's Ascension materials
and
Talent materials
so you can level her up to her full potential right away. To understand how you might play her, we've also detailed
Yoimiya's kit
and
Constellations
.
On this page:
Yoimiya's kit
Yoimiya Ascension materials
Yoimiya Talent materials
Yoimiya Constellations
To see this content please enable targeting cookies.
Manage cookie settings
Yoimiya kit
Yoimiya is a
5-Star Pyro character who uses a bow
, and keeping in mind that all of the percentages mentioned below are based on Level 1 Skills, here's a summary of
Yoimiya's kit in Genshin Impact
:
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Element
: Pyro.
Rarity
: 5-Star.
Weapon
: Bow.
Normal Attack
: Firework Flare-Up.
Elemental Skill
: Niwabi Fire-Dance.
Elemental Burst
: Ryuukin Saxifrage.
Passive one
: Tricks of the Trouble Maker - During her Skill, shots from Yoimiya's normal attack will increase her Pyro Damage Bonus by 2% on hit. This effect lasts for three seconds and can have a maximum of 10 stacks.
Passive two
: Summer Night's Dawn - Using her Burst causes nearby party members (not including Yoimiya) to gain a 10% attack increase for 15 seconds. Additionally, a further attack bonus will be added on based on the number of 'Tricks of the Trouble-Maker' stacks Yoimiya possesses when using her Burst. Each stack increases this attack bonus by 1%.
Passive three
: Blazing Match - When Yoimiya crafts Decoration, Ornament, and Landscape-type Furnishings, she has a 100% chance to refund a portion of the materials used.
Yoimiya Normal Attack - Firework Flare-Up
Yoimiya performs up to five consecutive shots with a bow if tapping the normal attack button. Holding it down instead makes Yoimiya perform a more precise Aimed Shot with increased damage.
While aiming, flames will accumulate on the arrowhead before being fired off as an attack. Has different effects based on how long the energy has been charged:
Charge Level 1 - Fires off a flaming arrow that deals Pyro Damage.
Charge Level 2 - Generates a maximum of three Kindling Arrows based on time spent charging, releasing them as part of this Aimed Shot. Kindling Arrows will home in on nearby opponents, dealing Pyro Damage on hit.
As with most plunging attacks, Yoimiya Fires off a shower of arrows in mid-air before falling and striking the ground for AOE (area of effect) damage on impact.
Yoimiya Elemental Skill - Niwabi Fire-Dance
Yoimiya waves a sparkler and causes a ring of saltpeter to surround her.
Niwabi Enshou
During this time, arrows fired by Yoimiya's normal attack will be Blazing Arrows, and their damage will be increased and converted to Pyro Damage. During this time, her normal attack will not generate Kindling Arrows at Charge Level 2.
This effect will deactivate when Yoimiya leaves the field.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Yoimiya Elemental Burst - Ryuukin Saxifrage
Yoimiya leaps into the air along with her original creation, the 'Ryuukin Saxifrage,' and fires forth blazing rockets bursting with surprises that deal AOE Pyro Damage and mark one of the hit opponents with Aurous Blaze.
Aurous Blaze
All normal/charged/plunging attacks, Elemental Skills, and Elemental Bursts by any party member other than Yoimiya that hit an opponent marked by Aurous Blaze will trigger an explosion, dealing AOE Pyro Damage.
When an opponent affected by Aurous Blaze is defeated before its duration expires, the effect will pass on to another nearby opponent, who will inherit the remaining duration. One Aurous Blaze explosion can be triggered every two seconds. When Yoimiya is down, Aurous Blaze effects created through her skills will be deactivated.
Yoimiya Talent materials
Forbidden Curse Scroll. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
To get the most out of using Yoimiya, you will have to level her skills up by using Talent materials, which vary from character-to-character.
For Yoimiya, you'll need to farm a lot of Scroll and Transience materials (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade her capabilities.
As Yoimiya has three Talents, you will have to spend three times the Talent materials listed below to fully upgrade all of her abilities, which we've also detailed below the table.
Here's what Yoimiya Talent materials you need to improve one of her abilities:
Yoimiya Talent level
Yoimiya Talent materials
Mora cost
Level 2
x3 Teachings of Transience, x6 Divining Scroll
12,500
Level 3
x2 Guide to Transience, x3 Sealed Scroll
17,500
Level 4
x4 Guide to Transience, x4 Sealed Scroll
25,000
Level 5
x6 Guide to Transience, x6 Sealed Scroll
30,000
Level 6
x9 Guide to Transience, x9 Sealed Scroll
37,500
Level 7
x4 Philosophies of Transience, x4 Forbidden Curse Scroll, x1 Dragon Lord's Crown
120,000
Level 8
x6 Philosophies of Transience, x6 Forbidden Curse Scroll, x1 Dragon Lord's Crown
260,000
Level 9
x12 Philosophies of Transience, x9 Forbidden Curse Scroll, x2 Dragon Lord's Crown
450,000
Level 10
x16 Philosophies of Transience, x12 Forbidden Curse Scroll, x2 Dragon Lord's Crown, x1 Crown of Insight
700,000
Here's what Talent Materials you'll need to fully upgrade
one
of Yoimiya's skills:
x1 Crown of Insight
x3 Teachings of Transience
x6 Divining Scroll
x6 Dragon Lord's Crown
x21 Guide to Transience
x22 Sealed Scroll
x31 Forbidden Curse Scroll
x38 Philosophies to Transience
1,652,500 Mora
To upgrade all
three
of Yoimiya's skills, here's all the Talent Materials you'll need:
x3 Crown of Insight
x9 Teachings of Transience
x18 Divining Scroll
x18 Dragon Lord's Crown
x63 Guide to Transience
x66 Sealed Scroll
x93 Forbidden Curse Scroll
x114 Philosophies to Transience
4,957,500 Mora
Version 6.4 Phase 2 sees the returning 5-Star
Skirk
and a rerun of
Escoffier
. 

So don't forget to redeem
new codes
for
Primogems
to help pull them, and check out our regularly updated
tier list
.

You need luck from the
Pity and 50/50 systems
to
Wish with Fate
for characters on
Banners
, and you always need the right
Adventure Rank
for events.

Elsewhere, we have
tips and tricks for beginners
.
Yoimiya Ascension materials
Naku Weed. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Just like Talents, you need to use Yoimiya Ascension materials to upgrade her health, attack, defence, and critical hit effectiveness.
You'll need to farm a lot of Naku Weed and Scroll materials for Yoimiya (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade her capabilities.
Unlike Talent materials, you only need to spend the below Ascension materials once to fully raise Yoimiya to her highest character level. There is also Acquaint Fate rewarded for reaching certain Ascension levels. You can spend this Fate on the
standard and beginner Banners
to Wish for characters and weapons.
Here's what Yoimiya Ascension materials and Mora you need to upgrade her for each Ascension level:
Yoimiya Ascension level
Yoimiya Ascension materials
Mora cost
Ascension reward
Level 20
x1 Agnidus Agate Silver, x3 Naku Weed, x3 Divining Scroll
20,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 40
x3 Agnidus Agate Fragments, x2 Smoldering Pearl, x10 Naku Weed, x15 Divining Scroll
40,000
None
Level 50
x6 Agnidus Agate Fragments, x4 Smoldering Pearl, x20 Naku Weed, x12 Sealed Scroll
60,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 60
x3 Agnidus Agate Chunk, x8 Smoldering Pearl, x30 Naku Weed, x18 Sealed Scroll
80,000
None
Level 70
x6 Agnidus Agate Chunk, x12 Smoldering Pearl, x45 Naku Weed, x12 Forbidden Curse Scroll
100,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 80
x6 Agnidus Agate Gemstone, x20 Smoldering Pearl, x60 Naku Weed, x24 Forbidden Curse Scroll
120,000
None
In total, here's
all the Ascension Materials
you need for Yoimiya in Genshin Impact:
x1 Agnidus Agate Silver
x6 Agnidus Agate Gemstone
x9 Agnidus Agate Fragment
x9 Agnidus Agate Chunk
x18 Divining Scroll
x30 Sealed Scroll
x36 Forbidden Curse Scroll
x46 Smoldering Pearl
x168 Naku Weed
420,000 Mora
Yoimiya Constellations
By getting duplicates of Yoimiya from wishing on her Banner, you will receive her Stella Fortuna. This material allows you to unlock Constellation levels, with each upgrade either improving an existing Talent or Passive ability.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Here are all of
Yoimiya's Constellations in Genshin Impact
:
Agate Ryuukin (C1)
: The Aurous Blaze created by Yoimiya's Burst lasts for an extra four seconds. Additionally, when an opponent affected by Aurous Blaze is defeated within its duration, Yoimiya's attack is increased by 20% for 20 seconds.
A Procession of Bonfires (C2)
: When Yoimiya's Pyro Damage scores a Crit Hit, Yoimiya will gain a 25% Pyro Damage Bonus for six seconds. This effect can be triggered even when Yoimiya is not the active character.
Trickster's Flare (C3)
: Upgrades Yoimiya's Elemental Skill by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Pyrotechnic Professional (C4)
: When Yoimiya's own Aurous Blaze triggers an explosion, her Skill's cooldown is decreased by 1.2 seconds.
A Summer Festival's Eve (C5)
: Increases Yoimiya's Elemental Burst by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Naganohara Meteor Swarm (C6)
: During her Skill, Yoimiya's normal attacks have a 50% chance of firing an extra Kindling Arrow that deals 60% of its original damage. This damage is considered normal attack damage.
Good luck levelling up Yoimiya in Genshin Impact!