Yoimiya is a 5-star Pyro character in Genshin Impact that was released in August 2021. She is also referred to as Owner of Naganohara Fireworks. The name of the banner associated with Yoimiya’s release is Tapestry of Golden Flames. This is an event banner and thus Yoimiya can be obtained only when this banner is active. In this post, you will learn how to build the Genshin Impact Yoimiya team from the characters that you own. In addition, you will see the most popular builds for Yoimiya.
Before we start note that this post is not a build guide for Yoimiya and doesn’t contain all information about her. You can expect only Yoimiya team comps focus. That will help you understand how to make a good team for Genshin Impact Yoimiya even with the characters that you have. Of course, we include Genshin free-to-play comps for Yoimiya as well. If you need more information you can read the guide by the link below.
Genshin Impact Yoimiya Build and Best Team Comp
Also, we have other useful guides about all Genshin Impact characters that you might find interesting and useful. You can see the link below.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
Genshin Impact Characters Tier List
Yoimiya Talents
What is most important when you make a team comp in Genshin Impact is to remember that your characters must work together. Their talents need to assist each other and only via reactions. Some characters have talents that will change the whole impression about them when you see their talents.
Like any other character, Yoimiya has two types of talents – active and passive. The whole description of Yoimiya skills (talents)
you can read via the link
. In this post, we focus on the basic strategies and will explain what Yoimiya’s talents are worth paying attention to. Let’s start with talent priority for Yoimiya.
Talent Priority for Yoimiya
Firework Flare-Up >
Niwabi Fire-Dance >
Ryuukin Saxifrage
Firework Flare-Up
is Yoimiya’s Normal Attack
. The plain normal attack has 5 different move sets. But the more important is that the Normal attack has two levels of charged attack.
Charge Level 1: Fires off a flaming arrow that deals
Pyro
DMG
.
Charge Level 2: Generates a maximum of 3 Kindling Arrows based on time spent charging, releasing them as part of this Aimed Shot. Kindling Arrows will home in on nearby opponents, dealing
Pyro
DMG on hit
.
This is very important due to the advantages that grants Yoimiya’s Elemental Skill that we describe below.
Niwabi Fire-Dance is
Yoimiya
‘s Elemental Skill
. When Yoimiya activates her Elemental Skill her normal attacks fire Blazing Arrows with increased and converted to
Pyro
DMG
. But during this effect Charge level 2 for normal attacks will not work.
Ryuukin Saxifrage is Yoimiya’s Elemental Burst
. Yoimiya leaps into the air along with her original creation, the “Ryuukin Saxifrage,” and fires forth blazing rockets bursting with surprises that deal
AoE
Pyro
DMG
and mark one of the hit opponents with Aurous Blaze. It has other bonuses, but in two words it is just good AoE ability with high damage.
Yoimiya Ascension Passives
The other important thing is to know how exactly character ascension enhances them and what advantages you can get out of it for your team-building strategy. We what to attract your attention to the following Yoimiya Ascension Passives.
Tricks of the Trouble-Maker
1st Ascension Passive
During Niwabi Fire-Dance, shots from Yoimiya’s Normal Attack will increase her
Pyro
DMG Bonus by 2% on hit. This effect lasts for 3s and can have a maximum of 10 stacks.
This boosts Yoimiya’s damage.
Summer Night’s Dawn
4th Ascension Passive
Using Ryuukin Saxifrage causes nearby party members (not including Yoimiya) to gain a 10% ATK increase for 15s. Additionally, a further ATK Bonus will be added on based on the number of “Tricks of the Trouble-Maker” stacks Yoimiya possesses when using Ryuukin Saxifrage. Each stack increases this ATK Bonus by 1%.
This makes her Elemental Burst work as a battery.
Depending on what we have written above we will continue with character combinations that will suit the Genshin Impact Yoimiya team the most.
As for the constellations
. Yoimiya has great potential on C2, with a high ATK rate and highly increased
Pyro
damage. Further upgrades will increase the levels of talents, decrease CD on Elemental Burst and on C6 will give a chance to shoot an additional arrow of normal attack while Elemental skill is active.
Genshin Impact Yoimiya Team Comp Options
There are several roles that all characters obtain in Genshin Impact. Your perfect team would consist of the Main DPS, 2 SUB-DPS characters and one Support. Main DPS is occupied by a character that can deal a decent amount of damage from all sources, auto attacks, elemental reactions and elemental bursts. Sub DPSs are needed to activate reactions that boost the main DPS’ damage or deal some extra damage while the main DPS is sticking their elemental burst. Support can vary typically it is a healer/shielder, but in some cases, it can be a battery (the character that stacks elemental burst for the team) or a spreader (the character that can spread reactions activated by all the characters).
Yoimiya is a classical main DPS but she can also be useful as a sub-DPS character. Below you can see some options for different Genshin Impact Yoimiya team comps that we find decent. But let’s start from the Genshin Impact free-to-play Yoimiya team comp.
Genshin Impact FREE TO PLAY Yoimiya team
Yoimiya is the main DPS, Xiangling is here to boost her damage from Pyro resonance. Barbara will apply Hydro for vaporize reaction, which is one of the most powerful in Genshin Impact. As for the Anemo traveller, we recommend it for control and swirl reaction.
Instead of an Anemo traveller, you can use Kaeya to get a melt reaction with his Elemental Burst or Lisa because of her Electro powers.
The BEST Yoimiya team
Vaporize effect is one of the best options for Yoimiya and that’s where Xingqiu comes in handy. Zhongli has a strong shield that debuffs enemies and protects Yoimiya making it easier for her to fight. Bennett is one of the best healing supports in the game and in this team also activates Pyro resonance that increases Yoimiya’s damage.
Premium Genshin Impact Yoimiya team
This team might seem strange, but with this huge help from reactions that provide Yelan and Kazuha, Yoimiya will deal tons of damage. And Zhongli is here to provide with massive shield while you can swap between the characters and deal tons of damage.
Other notable Yoimiya teams
In, this team Ayato will be the main DPS, but you can swap to Yoimiya while Ayato’s Elemental Burst is active and deal constant vaporize. Yun Jin provides Normal ATK Bonus and Normal ATK SPD Bonus(C6) to Yoimiya. Which is extremely effective for Yoimiya. Zhongli is for the shield and def.
This is a team for the reaction between
Pyro
and
Electro
, which is very powerful. Kazuha will provide control and Swirl, and Bennett will heal and activate
Pyro
resonance.
The characters from the list above are also good to play with Yoimiya. This is not a team as you understand, but you can change some missing characters from the builds we recommended with these characters.
Top Genshin Impact Characters to Play with Yoimiya
In the post above you can see the list of the characters that go with Yoimiya.
How to make a personal Genshin Impact Yoimiya team?
If none of the listed above you don’t like or you don’t have some characters mentioned in Yoimiya teams you can really on the following tips.
Yoimiya is most effective as the main DPS.
Get at least C2 Yoimiya to be effective.
Take characters that boost
Pyro
damage or Normal Attack to increase Yoimiya’s damage.
Remember that vaporize is one of the most powerful reactions and you should consider building such team.
Keeping these tips in mind you will definitely find your way to play Yoimiya. And don’t forget to share it with us!
Mariia R.
Since early childhood, I was fond of gaming. I played Doom 2, Red Alert 2 and, of course, The Sims. I grew up but my passion didn’t go away. So now I am writing about the stuff I love the most: video games!
Follow my
YouTube
and
Twitch
of course
Post Views:
8,336
Please share it with your friends
Tags:
Genshin Impact
Post navigation
Previous
Princess Connect 6 Stars Ascension Guide
Next
Diablo 3 Season 27 Classes Tier List