Top 10 Best Teammates For Yoimiya In Genshin Impact 2023
Muhammad Kumar
-
Jan 05, 2023
|
Mobile Games
Yoimiya is a powerful but often neglected character, as her banner tends to come out at the wrong time. Here are the best teammates for Yoimiya.
Klee Is The Next Character To Have A New Skin In Genshin Impact 3.4?
Across The Wilderness Genshin Impact Event Schedule, Rules & Rewards
Genshin Impact Lisa Build Complete Guide In 2023
Yoimiya is one of Genshin Impact’s On-field DPS units, and while she shares this spot with many other characters, her own strengths differentiate her from the rest of the cast. Because of that, Yoimiya boasts high flexibility in terms of teammates. In this article, Gurugamer is going to showcase the top 10 best teammates for Yoimiya in Genshin Impact 2023.
1.
Bennett
Bennett is arguably the best Support for Yoimiya: he provides Energy, significant ATK buffs, and healing. The value Bennett brings to Yoimiya teams cannot be stressed enough, and players should always try to use him when playing her, unless the other Abyss team benefits more from him.
Bennett
2. Thoma
Thoma is a nice comfort pick for Yoimiya, as his shield, when stacked up, provides enough protection for her to finish her NA string uninterrupted. Thoma also works with TTDS Sucrose to set up Pyro VV, boosting Yoimiya’s damage, which is a viable option for players not using Bennett and Zhongli. Note that Bennett and Zhongli will still be easier to play and will yield higher damage.
3. Yelan
Yelan, a strong off-field DPS, functions in a somewhat similar role to Xingqiu. Her Hydro application through Burst is consistent enough for Yoimiya to Vaporize N3 and N5, and her passive Talent offers a significant damage boost to the on-field character. Overall, Yelan is a viable choice for players not using Xingqiu with Yoimiya, though she has her own drawbacks that can be more difficult to build around when compared to Xingqiu.
Additionally, players can use both for a strong Double Hydro core with Xingqiu to provide high single-target damage.
Yelan
4. Xingqiu
Xingqiu, the premier Hydro enabler, is a valuable teammate for Yoimiya. He synergizes with her well, providing a boost to her performance, while delivering consistent damage himself. A staple unit in many of her teams.
He offers consistent and significant off-field damage, plus Damage Reduction, Interruption Resistance, and minor healing. Also enables Yoimiya to Vaporize her hardest hitting Normal Attacks through his Elemental Burst.
5. Beidou
Beidou is another one of Yoimiya’s best off-field DPS teammates. She provides remarkable damage in multi-target scenarios with her Elemental Burst, alongside Damage Reduction that pairs nicely with Xingqiu’s Rain Swords. Using Fischl with Beidou is highly recommended.
Beidou
Yoimiya can proc Beidou’s Elemental Burst well with her NA string, however, Yoimiya’s arrows can miss targets knocked back by Overload. Additionally, Beidou often has high ER needs, though having Fischl on the team alleviates this requirement.
6. Fischl
Fischl continues to hold up her position as one of the premiere off-field DPS units. She pairs nicely with Yoimiya to dish out consistent single-target damage, and acts as a battery for Beidou. Always build Fischl for damage instead of utility — her contribution is far greater than what the ATK% buff from 4-pc Tenacity of the Millelith can bring.
Furthermore, Yoimiya triggers Fischl’s C6 well and can consistently trigger Fischl’s A4
7. Kazuha
Kazuha provides extremely potent buffing and utility, and brings his own share of damage. Note that when Kazuha is used with units that snapshot (e.g. Beidou and Fischl), players need to plan out team rotations to make sure his buff is applied correctly.
Kazuha
Overall, Kazuha provides strong buffing and crowd-control for both Yoimiya and the whole team. He has good damage in multi-target scenarios, which can make up for Yoimiya’s performance in said situations.
8. Sucrose
Sucrose brings EM share, enemy debuff, and ATK% buffs when used as a pure support unit. While these utilities are valuable to Yoimiya and her teammates, Sucrose is generally not the first pick, due to Yoimiya’s specific needs for strong off-field damage and protection.
Generally, Sucrose offers buffs and some crowd control. Her Elemental Burst, when paired with Yoimiya triggering Overload, can deal non-negligible fall damage to small enemies
9. Yun Jin
Yun Jin is the first unit to specifically buff Normal Attacks, and her buff is as unique as it is potent, making her an incredibly powerful teammate for Yoimiya. It is worth noting that Yun Jin’s buff is comparable to Bennett’s for Yoimiya, while Yun Jin herself is less of a high demand unit.
Yun Jin
The synergy here cannot be understated: Yoimiya uses the buff stacks efficiently, making Yun Jin’s contribution to the team more significant than it seems. Highly recommended to use the two together.
10. Zhongli
The Geo Archon is an amazing teammate for Yoimiya, as his shield is undeniably the best in the game, providing unmatched comfort for Yoimiya to finish her NA string. Zhongli can also be built for damage when used with Yoimiya, as her teams often have downtime that allows Zhongli to cast his Burst and cover some AoE damage.
Zhongli
Can deal non-negligible AoE damage when built for maximizing Burst damage. Also covers downtime in Yoimiya teams.
>>> Read more:
Top 10 Best Teammates For Tighnari In Genshin Impact 2023
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
#Genshin Impact Guide
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025