Xianyun is a five-star Anemo catalyst user coming in Genshin Impact's Version 4.4 update. While her kit has not yet been publicly revealed, leaks allege that her kit may offer a unique combination of supporting teammates who deal Plunging Attacks and require healing from HP drains.
Recommended Videos
The information below includes some of my recommendations based on Xianyun's leaked kit. Keep in mind that her best build may change upon the release of her finalized kit in Version 4.4. Take the information with a grain of salt and use it only as a loose reference for early farming.
Table of Contents
Best weapons for Xianyun in Genshin Impact
Best Artifacts & substats for Xianyun in Genshin Impact
Xianyun's best Artifact substats
Genshin Impact Xianyun Talent upgrade priority
Best team for Xianyun in Genshin Impact
More Posts from PGG
Best weapons for Xianyun in Genshin Impact
Xianyun's potential best weapons would be options that offer an ATK boost and can address her need to regenerate Energy. Keep in mind that she is an ATK-scaling character, so she can't benefit from HP or DEF substats.
Crane's Echoing Call
(best-in-slot; signature weapon) - Offers a Plunging Attack boost for both Xianyun and the party, and addresses her ER regeneration requirement. It's the perfect weapon if she's paired with a Plunging Attack teammate, such as Xiao (who she best supports).
This weapon is expected to release in the limited weapon banner alongside Xianyun in Version 4.4.
Oathsworn Eye
(best four-star) - Addresses Xianyun's ER regeneration requirement and offers a DPS boost with ATK substats. Useful across any team comp.
Alternative weapon options for Xianyun
These are some catalysts you can give Xianyun if you don't have her best-in-slot picks above. They will still perform decently:
Skyward Atlas
Memory of Dust
Favonius Codex
(requires high Crit Rate to maximize)
Prototype Amber (free-to-play craftable weapon)
Flowing Purity
Related:
Xianyun’s Special Dish and how to cook it in Genshin Impact – Encompassing Gladness
Best Artifacts & substats for Xianyun in Genshin Impact
There is one Artifact set hoarded by nearly all Anemo support and sub-DPS characters in the game, and Xianyun is no exception. However, there are a few other sets you can potentially play around with as well. Here are some Artifact sets I recommend giving her:
Four-piece Viridescent Venerer
(best for sub-DPS) - no-brainer Anemo set that increases Swirl DMG and shreds the enemy's RES, perfect if you're trying to increase the team's Reaction output. Not recommended if you're not Swirling other Elements.
This Artifact set can be obtained from the Valley of Remembrance Domain in Mondstadt.
Four-piece
Song of Days Past
(best for support) - amazing support set that increases Xianyun's healing output while also increasing the team's DMG output based on the healing amount recorded in the set's Yearning effect. Highly versatile support set, but try to increase Xianyun's ATK by as much as possible to maximize its effects.
This Artifact set can be obtained from the Waterfall Wen Domain in Fontaine.
Four-piece
Noblesse Oblige
(alternative) - a versatile set that increases both Xianyun's personal DMG and the team's overall ATK, but requires her to be able to keep a high burst uptime. Remember that
only one character in the team can equip this set as the passive bonus doesn't stack
.
This Artifact set can be obtained from the Clear Pool and Mountain Cavern Domain in Liyue.
Xianyun's best Artifact substats
Here are some recommendations for Artifact substats. If Xianyun is the only Anemo character in the team, she will need quite a high ER stat (around 200%+), so pairing her with Energy Regeneration weapons is a must if you're unable to meet this stat requirement with Artifacts alone. With two or more Anemo characters in the team, the ER requirement drops to approximately 160-180%. However, keep in mind that she also requires a lot of ATK to maximize her healing output.
Sands
: ER or ATK
Goblet
: ATK
Circlet
: ATK
Substats
: ATK, ER, and Crit
Related:
Gaming’s Special Dish and how to cook it in Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Xianyun Talent upgrade priority
When upgrading Xianyun's Talents, I recommend doing so in this order of priority:
Elemental Burst:
Stars Gather at Dusk
Elemental Skill:
White Clouds at Dawn
Auto Attack:
Word of Wind and Flower
Most of Xianyun's utility is centered around her Elemental Burst, which offers off-field healing and support abilities (primarily for Plunging Attack users like Xiao). Her Elemental Skill is a useful exploration ability as it allows her to transform into a crane, while also enhancing her personal DMG. If you want to try a more adventurous DPS build, you can prioritize the Elemental Skill and Auto Attack instead of her Burst.
Best team for Xianyun in Genshin Impact
Xianyun's kit is extremely niche as there are few characters who can maximize Plunging Attacks. If you aren't a dedicated Xiao user, then her use case shifts to mainly healing, while providing some Anemo DMG. She can essentially be used in any team as a healer (except for Dendro and Geo teams, as these Elements can't be Swirled).
Xiao team
- slot in Xianyun,
Xiao
, and two other characters of your choice.
Faruzan
is a great option for her Anemo support capabilities.
Furina team
- due to
Furina
's HP-draining Elemental Skill, she needs to be paired with a reliable healer. Xianyun's off-field Elemental Burst is a great option for mitigating the HP drain without relying on the on-field character to remain stationary.
Swirl or Healing Support
- Xianyun can be used in practically any team comp with any Element that can Swirl (all Elements except Dendro and Geo) and require healing.
For more on Xianyun, check out our
Genshin Impact Xianyun farming guide – all Talent & Ascension materials
here on Pro Game Guides.
More Posts from PGG