In Short
Genshin Impact 4.4 released Xianyun, the new 5-star anemo character who enables the entire team to use constant plunge attacks.
All of her character ascension materials are Clearwater Jade, Divining Scroll, Sealed Scroll, Forbidden Curse Scroll, Cloudseam Scale, and Vayuda Turquoise.
All of her talent ascension materials are Divining Scroll, Sealed Scroll, Forbidden Curse Scroll, Talent Books Gold, Lightless Eye of the Maelstrom, and Crown of Insight.
Click Here to Add Beebom as a Trusted Source
Add as a preferred source on Google
Genshin Impact 4.4 is live and it has finally released Xianyun, the human form of Cloud Retainer. Xianyun is a 5-star anemo character and if you have pulled her from the banners, then you will need her talent and ascension materials. Here are all the ascension and talent materials of
Xianyun
in Genshin Impact.
Genshin Impact Xianyun Ascension Materials
All Xianyun Character Ascension Material (Level-up Materials):
Materials
Quantity
Mora
420k
Vayuda Turquoise Sliver
1
Clearwater Jade
168
Divining Scroll
18
Vayuda Turquoise Fragment
9
Cloudseam Scale
46
Sealed Scroll
30
Vayuda Turquoise Chunk
9
Forbidden Curse Scroll
36
Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone
6
Xianyun Level up Materials
All Xianyun Talent Ascension Material (Skill Level Up Materials):
Materials
Quantity
Mora
1653k
Teachings of Gold
3
Divining Scroll
6
Guide to Gold
21
Sealed Scroll
22
Philosophies of Gold
38
Forbidden Curse Scroll
31
Lightless Eye of the Maelstrom
6
Crown of Insight
1
Skill Ascension Materials for Xianyun
Xianyun Ascension Material Farming Guide
Xianyun ascension materials are relatively easy to find and farm with the correct farming strategy. Out of all the materials, Clearwater Jade and Cloudseam Scale are found in the new region — Chenyu Vale. Here is a complete farming guide for each of Xianyun’s materials in Genshin Impact.
Clearwater Jade Farming Strategy
Clearwater Jade is available in Chenyu Vale in Genshin Impact and we have already created a
location and farming guide
for it. There are 84 total Clearwater Jades in Chenyu Vale, 70 of them can be collected from the Map, 5 can be purchased from Fengtai at Yilong Wharf and 9 of them can be collected for one time by hitting the shattered Jade Jars around Yaodie Valley.
Samachurl Scrolls: Divining Scroll, Sealed Scroll, Forbidden Curse Scroll
Samachurl Scrolls are some of the easiest items to collect in Teyvat. They are commonly dropped by  Samachurl enemies. However, the Sealed Scroll and the Forbidden Curse Scroll are hidden behind level caps. Sealed Scrolls start dropping after level 40 and Forbidden Curse Scrolls start dropping after level 60.
Cloudseam Scale Location and Farming Strategy
Cloudseam Scale can be obtained by defeating Solitary Suanni, the newly added boss in Chenyu Vale. The creature is an ancient Adepti and is an anemo user. Defeating it will reward the Cloudseam Scale, the unique boss material for Xianyun.
Vayuda Turquoise Location and Farming Strategy
Vayuda Turquoise materials drop from battling bosses. Other than that, the higher rarity Vayuda Turquoise materials can be crafted using the lower rarity ones. The easiest way to farm them is to battle the following bosses:
Anemo Hypostasis
Algorithm of Semi-Intransient Matrix of Overseer Network
Maguu Kenki
Setekh Wenut
Solitary Suanni
Dvalin
Icewind Suite – Coppelia
Scaramouche
We recommend you to farm Solitary Suanni because that boss also drops Cloudseam Scale, which is another ascension material for Xianyun.
Related Articles
Genshin Impact 4.4: All Events and Rewards
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Jan 29, 2024
Genshin Impact Gaming: Best Build, Weapons & Talents
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Jan 24, 2024
Genshin Impact 4.4 Banners: Characters and Weapons
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Jan 9, 2024
Talent Books Gold: Farming Strategy
The Gold series books are used by many Liyue characters, so Xianyun having them as the ascension material is not a big surprise. They can be farmed from the Taishan Mansion talent domain, available on Wednesday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Lightless Eye of the Maelstrom: Farming Strategy
Lightless Eye of the Maelstrom is a trounce material and can be obtained by defeating the Shadow of Another World trounce domain boss — All-Devouring Narwhal, in Fontaine. The fight is fairly difficult so make sure you are prepared for it.
So, there you have it. These are all the ascension materials for Xianyun and their farming guide. Check our
Genshin Impact Character tier list
to learn about the best characters to pull. Also, share your opinions or ask us questions using the comment section.
#Tags
#Genshin Impact
Sanmay Chakrabarti
An old soul who loves CRPGs and Souls-Like to death. Takes pleasure in simplifying "Complex and Hard" games for casual players with tailored guides and videos. He loves to explore new places, read fantasy fiction, watch anime, and create wacky character builds in his off time. He also loves solving puzzles,  and is proud of maintaining his long winning streak on NYT Connections.
Comments
0
Leave a Reply
Cancel reply
Add new comment
Name
Email ID
Δ
Loading comments...
Recommended Articles
Nefer Ascension Materials in Genshin Impact
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Durin Materials in Genshin Impact: All Materials and How to Farm Them
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Nicole Kit, Materials, and Release Date
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Luna V Guide: Leaks, Characters, and Release Date
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Lantern Rite 2026 Guide
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Super Heavy Landrover Mechanized Fortress Boss Guide: How to Defeat, Location, and Best Teams
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Linnea Teams in Genshin Impact 6.5
Sanmay Chakrabarti
More In Gaming
Marvel Rivals Error Codes and How to Fix Them
Ajith Kumar
How to Get Ben 10 Skins in Fortnite
Pranav Maytray
Sailor Piece Best Luck Build
Ishan Adhikary
Pokemon TCG Pocket Pulsing Aura Set Card List
Arnamoy Das
How to Get Fortnite Bloons TD 6 Sidekick for Free
Pranav Maytray
Assassin's Creed Black Flag Resynced System Requirements (Minimum and Recommended)
Ajith Kumar
Anime Vanguards Tier List (April 2026) – Best Units Ranked
Ishan Adhikary