The Best Party Setup For Xianyun In Genshin Impact
By
Sanyam Jain
Published
Feb 4, 2024, 5:30 PM EST
Sanyam Jain is a Staff Writer at TheGamer who has worked as a professional gaming journalist since 2022. A Journalism and Mass Communication graduate, he has been testing the limits of the games he plays for as long as he can remember.
An expert in RPG, Open-World, and Gacha games, Sanyam's articles are based on hours upon hours of testing with every new character, mechanic, or puzzle to ensure that you get every information you'll need about it.
Add Us On
Jump links
Genshin Impact: Complete Guide
Jump Links
Gaming Support Team
Geo Overlords
The Return Of Xiao
Archons Everywhere
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Whenever a new character gets released in
Genshin Impact
, they usually have about three to four teams that they go well in. However, Xianyun is a bit of an exception to this since her kit revives an old game mechanic, and you can essentially use her with any character you want.
Related
Genshin Impact: Best Builds For Xianyun
Xianyun is a meta-defining character in Genshin Impact, and here's every way to build her according to your play style.
Posts
By
Sanyam Jain
Xianyun's Elemental Burst constantly heals her entire party for a few seconds and allows the active character to perform Plunge Attacks up to eight times, and you can get some extra value from this if you have certain characters.
Gaming Support Team
Xianyun
-
Off-field Support
Bennett
-
Buffer
Yelan
-
Hydro applicator
Gaming -
On-field DPS
Gaming
was first released in Genshin Impact on the same banner as
Xianyun
, and he's
one of the most fun DPS characters you'll find in the game
, especially alongside this Anemo support unit. His play style is also based around Plunge Attacks every few seconds using his Elemental Skill.
This Skill's cooldown gets much shorter during his Burst since he creates a
Man Chai with every Skill that resets the cooldown
when it gets back to Gaming. However, the true power of this composition shines when you combine the Plunge DMG boost from Xianyun's Burst with Gaming.
You'll need
quite a high Energy Recharge
on both Gaming and Xianyun if you want to make this team composition work.
However, this can be solved by
using Favonius weapons
on either Bennett, Yelan, or Xianyun.
Bennett's job here is also to constantly place his Elemental Burst to give the extra ATK to Gaming. If
you're a long-term player and have access to Bennett's final constellation
, it can take this team to the next level. Finally, Yelan works as an off-field Hydro applicator here to facilitate the Vaporize reaction for Gaming.
It's important to remember that Yelan only performs a Hydro attack alongside your character's Normal Attack, so you'll have to
use Gaming's Normal Attack once after every Plunge
to trigger it again. As for the rotation, you'll essentially use everyone's Skill and Burst before switching to Gaming and executing his combinations.
Geo Overlords
Xianyun -
Off-field Support/Buffer
Zhongli -
Shielder/Buffer
Furina -
Sub-DPS
Navia -
Main DPS
When
Navia
was first released, she essentially brought Geo back into the meta because of her phenomenal kit and design. However, she had a glaring problem in one of her best team compositions. This was
when you put her alongside Furina to intentionally drain her HP
and make use of the Marechaussee Hunter artifact set.
Due to the lack of good party-wide healers in the game, Furina ended up
bringing the team below 50 percent HP too fast
, which prevented their health from being drained further. This can be solved using Xianyun's Elemental Burst since it almost has 100 percent uptime and provides more healing than you'll ever need.
This also allows you to
get more DMG boost
when you use Furina's Burst.
To make the best use of this team, it's recommended to use the Viridescent Venerer set on Xianyun along with Marechaussee Hunter on Navia. You're guaranteed to Swirl Hydro in this team,
so the former set will increase Furina's DMG by a lot
. You can also use the Tenacity of the Millelith set on Zhongli.
For the rotation once again, you can use Xianyun's and Furina's Burst and Skill
alongside Zhongli's shield before switching to Navia
. Once you use Navia's Skill and get the Elemental Infusion, you can simply perform Plunge Attacks with her to deal extra damage.
The Return Of Xiao
Xianyun -
Buffer
Bennett -
Buffer
Faruzan -
Buffer
Xiao -
On-field DPS
Xiao was one of the first few limited characters released in Genshin Impact, and he was quite popular in the community because of his Plunge Attack-based kit. While he
might have gone down in popularity due to various reasons
, he was still quite good. However, Xianyun's release brought him right back into the meta.
When you activate Xiao's Elemental Burst, he starts to
slowly lose his health but you can perform infinite Plunge Attacks
with this character for the entire duration. It almost sounds like Xianyun was designed for him since she heals her party during the Burst and also provides quite a lot of Plunge Attack DMG Bonus.
You can use the Noblesse Oblige artifact set on Xianyun for this team
since Viridescent Venerer is quite useless
.
Faruzan's
presence in the team is due to her ability to increase her party members' Anemo DMG
while also reducing the opponent's Anemo RES
. However, you'll get the most value from her once you unlock the sixth constellation for the 40 percent Crit DMG.
The team's rotation is similar to the rest where you use everyone's abilities before switching to Xiao. However, you don't have to use Faruzan's Skill here since she can apply all the effects with her Burst and
particle generation won't be a problem with three Anemo units
.
Archons Everywhere
Xianyun - Off-field Support
Nahida - Sub-DPS
Furina - Sub-DPS/Buffer
Raiden Shogun - Main DPS
It's no surprise that Archons have been some of the most popular characters in Genshin Impact since they're essentially the gods. You can use three of them alongside the adepti of Liyue in this team,
making it one of the strongest teams in the game in terms of lore
. The team mostly focuses on giving Raiden Shogun Plunge Attacks during her Burst.
Nahida
and
Furina
work as off-field Dendro and Hydro applicators respectively, while
Furina's Burst also gives a significant DMG boost to Raiden's attacks
. The best part about this team is that you won't run into a lot of Energy regeneration problems since the attacks from Raiden's Burst recharge Energy party-wide.
This team might not be as good against smaller enemies that get defeated quickly since
you won't be able to switch to Nahida
and apply her Skill too often.
You'll also have one of the simpler rotations for this team since you essentially have to use everyone's Skill and Burst before switching to Raiden and executing her Burst. However, it's important to
use the Electro Archon's Skill at the start
to give increased damage to other Bursts.
Next
Genshin Impact: Raiden Shogun Build Guide
Here are our recommendations on the best build for Raiden Shogun in Genshin Impact.
Posts
By
Jessica Clark Dillon
Previous
Best Weapons For Xianyun
All
Genshin Impact: Complete Guide
Next
Ascension Materials For Xianyun
Live-Service Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
26.2%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
19.8%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.1%
007 First Light
007 First Light
9.2%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.6%
Other
Other
21.1%
See Results
Submit
Read Next
Genshin Impact: Complete Guide
Best Weapons For Xianyun
Ascension Materials For Xianyun
Best Builds For Xianyun