Updated for Version 4.7
Xianyun is a 5-star Anemo Catalyst character in
Genshin Impact
who enables Plunging Attack DPS playstyles, grants a Plunging Attack buff, and provides strong teamwide healing. Learn about Xianyun’s best builds, best weapons, best artifacts, and best teams in this quick guide.
Note that the information given may change if new discoveries are made.
More extensive testing is in progress.
Join our
Discord
to check on and participate in the theorycrafting process.
Table of Contents
Infographic
Character Overview
Playstyles
Talents
Constellations
Plunging Attack Buff
Artifacts
ER Requirements
Artifact Stats
Artifact Sets
Weapons
Teams
Teambuilding
Xiao
Gaming
Plunging Attack Enabler
General Healer
Credits
Infographic
Credits to: euphorysm, irokei
Character Overview
Playstyles
Off-Field Plunging Attack Support
Xianyun is an off-field support who provides teamwide healing, Plunging Attack buffs, and additional buffs from artifact set and weapon passives. She can enable many characters to consistently use Plunging Attacks in their attack sequence.
Xianyun uses her Elemental Skill and then her Burst before swapping to an on-field damage dealer. Her Burst heals the team over time, increases their jump height, and provides Adeptal Assistance stacks that grant an Additive Base DMG Bonus to Plunging Attacks based on Xianyun’s ATK stat via her A4 Passive.
Driver
As an Anemo Catalyst unit, Xianyun can function as a driver similar to Sucrose or Heizou. Her healing makes such teams more comfortable at a cost to damage since she lacks the EM buffs of Sucrose or Heizou. This playstyle will not be examined in this quick guide.
Plunging Attack DPS
If you want to play Xianyun as the on-field DPS unit at C0, the only viable team is C6 Faruzan + Furina + Bennett. You must have all three characters for it to be viable. At C6, Xianyun becomes a competitive on-field Plunging Attack DPS; however, this guide focuses solely on her support playstyle.
Stay tuned for the Extended Guide for more info on this playstyle!
Talents
Talent Priority
Burst > Skill
Xianyun’s Burst is her only source of teamwide healing prior to C4 and her primary source of damage. Her Skill contributes very little damage prior to C6. Xianyun almost never uses her Normal Attack Talent, so it can be completely ignored.
Note that all of Xianyun’s innate buffs come from her A1 and A4 Passives; her Talent levels do not increase the strength of her buffs.
Raising Xianyun from 80/90 to 90/90 is a small team DPS increase, so it can be worth it after prioritizing her weapon level and artifacts.
Talent Overview
Normal Attack
Elemental Skill
Elemental Burst
Ascension 1 Passive
Ascension 4 Passive
Normal Attack
Normal Attack
|
Word of Wind and Flower
Talent Description
Normal Attack
Summons swirling winds to perform up to 4 attacks, dealing Anemo DMG.
Charged Attack
Consumes a certain amount of Stamina and launches a Breeze Bolt in a straight line that deals Anemo DMG to opponents along its path.
Plunging Attack
Gathers the power of Anemo and plunges towards the ground from mid-air, damaging all opponents in her path. Deals AoE Anemo DMG upon impact with the ground.
Xianyun’s Normal Attack Talent is not worth leveling. Her enhanced Plunging Attack after using her Skill scales with her Skill’s Talent level.
Elemental Skill
Elemental Skill
|
White Clouds at Dawn
Talent Description
Xianyun enters the Cloud Transmogrification state, in which she will not take Fall DMG, and uses Skyladder once.
In this state, her Plunging Attack will be converted into Driftcloud Wave instead, which deals AoE Anemo DMG and ends the Cloud Transmogrification state. This DMG is considered Plunging Attack DMG.
Each use of Skyladder while in this state increases the DMG and AoE of the next Driftcloud Wave used.
Skyladder
Can be used while in mid-air. Xianyun leaps forward, dealing Anemo DMG to targets along her path.
During each Cloud Transmogrification state Xianyun enters, Skyladder may be used up to 3 times and only 1 instance of Skyladder DMG can be dealt to any one opponent.
If Skyladder is not used again in a short period, the Cloud Transmogrification state will be canceled.
If Xianyun does not use Driftcloud Wave while in this state, the next CD of White Clouds at Dawn will be decreased by 3s.
Xianyun’s Skill allows her to perform an enhanced Plunging Attack, which serves 2 functions in combat:
The enhanced Plunging Attack generates 5 Anemo Particles upon hitting an enemy, regardless of how many times Xianyun leaps.
The enhanced Plunging Attack lets her trigger her A1 Passive, which grants a small teamwide Plunging Attack CRIT Rate buff.
Xianyun can press her Skill up to 3 times in quick succession to leap higher in the air. After using her Skill, she can perform an enhanced Plunging Attack (which scales with her Elemental Skill Talent level). Each successive leap increases her Plunging Attack damage and AoE.
In pre-C6 gameplay, it is better to press her Skill only once before performing her enhanced Plunging Attack. Leaping three times is time-consuming and can incur an overall team DPS loss, since it lengthens the rotation and can cut into buff uptime. However, her triple jump is useful in exploration as it quickly launches her forward and upward.
Note that Xianyun must be on the ground to initially cast her Skill; she cannot cast the first leap in midair.
Elemental Burst
Elemental Burst
|
Stars Gather at Dusk
Talent Description
Brings forth a sacred breeze that deals AoE Anemo DMG and heals all nearby characters based on Xianyun’s ATK. It will also summon the “Starwicker” mechanism.
Starwicker
Continuously follows the active character and periodically heals all nearby party members based on Xianyun’s ATK.
Starts with 8 stacks of Adeptal Assistance. While Adeptal Assistance is active, nearby active characters in the party will have their jump height increased.
When the active character completes a Plunging Attack, Starwicker will consume 1 stack of Adeptal Assistance and deal AoE Anemo DMG.
Only 1 Starwicker can exist simultaneously.
Xianyun’s Burst generates a Starwicker, which has 3 primary effects:
It provides consistent teamwide healing for its duration.
It increases the active characters’ jump height, which lets them perform Plunging Attacks.
It has 8 stacks of Adeptal Assistance, which deal coordinated Anemo damage after being consumed with a Plunging Attack. While Adeptal Assistance stacks are available, Xianyun provides her A4 Passive’s Additive Base DMG Bonus to Plunging Attacks.
Essentially, Xianyun’s Burst heals the team, lets them perform Plunging Attacks, and increases the damage of up to 8 Plunging Attacks while active.
Ascension 1 Passive
Ascension 1 Passive
|
Galefeather Pursuit
Talent Description
Each opponent hit by Driftcloud Waves from White Clouds at Dawn will grant all nearby party members 1 stack of Storm Pinion for 20s. Max 4 stacks. These will cause the characters’ Plunging Attack CRIT Rate to increase by 4%/6%/8%/10% respectively.
Each Storm Pinion created by hitting an opponent has an independent duration.
Xianyun’s A1 Passive grants her team a 4–10% Plunging Attack CRIT Rate buff based on how many enemies she hits with her enhanced Plunging Attack after using her Skill. This is a meager buff.
Ascension 4 Passive
Ascension 4 Passive
|
Consider, the Adeptus in Her Realm
Talent Description
When the Starwicker created by Stars Gather at Dusk has Adeptal Assistance stacks, nearby active characters’ Plunging Attack shockwave DMG will be increased by 200% of Xianyun’s ATK. The maximum DMG increase that can be achieved this way is 9,000.
Each Plunging Attack shockwave DMG instance can only apply this increased DMG effect to a single opponent. Each character can trigger this effect once every 0.4s.
Xianyun’s A4 Passive enables the Adeptal Assistance stacks from her Burst to grant an Additive Base DMG Bonus to Plunging Attacks. Each Adeptal Assistance stack buffs 1 Plunging Attack against 1 enemy. This buff applies to Plunging Attacks that make contact with the ground (“High/Low Plunge DMG” in the Normal Attack Talent description); it does
not
apply to midair collisions with enemies (“Plunge DMG” in the Normal Attack Talent description).
The Additive Base DMG Bonus scales with Xianyun’s ATK stat and caps at 4500 ATK.
Constellations
Xianyun’s C2 is a great stopping point. Her C6 is only for high spenders who want to play her as an on-field Plunging Attack DPS unit.
Constellation 1
Constellation 2
Constellation 3
Constellation 4
Constellation 5
Constellation 6
Constellation 1
Constellation 1
|
Purifying Wind
White Clouds at Dawn gains 1 additional charge.
Xianyun’s C1 provides an additional charge of her Elemental Skill. This can help reduce her ER requirements and make her a better battery for Xiao.
Constellation 2
Constellation 2
|
Aloof From the World
After using a Skyladder from White Clouds at Dawn, Xianyun’s ATK will be increased by 20% for 15s.
Additionally, the effects of the Passive Talent “Consider, the Adeptus in Her Realm” will be enhanced: When the Starwicker created by Stars Gather at Dusk has Adeptal Assistance stacks, nearby active characters’ Plunging Attack shockwave DMG will be increased by 400% of Xianyun’s ATK. The maximum DMG increase that can be achieved this way is 18,000.
Each Plunging Attack shockwave DMG instance can only apply this increased DMG effect to a single opponent. Each character can trigger this effect once every 0.4s.
You must first unlock the Passive Talent “Consider, the Adeptus in Her Realm.”
Xianyun’s C2 effectively doubles the effectiveness of her A4 Passive’s Additive Base DMG Bonus to Plunging Attack. It also makes it easier to reach her effective ATK stat cap. An amazing Constellation overall.
Constellation 3
Constellation 3
|
Creations of Star and Moon
Increases the Level of Stars Gather at Dusk by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
This Constellation increases the healing and damage of Xianyun’s Elemental Burst. It does
not
increase her Additive Base DMG Bonus to Plunging Attacks.
Constellation 4
Constellation 4
|
Mystery Millet Gourmet
After using Skyladder 1/2/3 times during one White Clouds at Dawn Cloud Transmogrification state, when a Driftcloud Wave unleashed during that instance hits an opponent, it will heal all nearby party members for 50%/80%/150% of Xianyun’s ATK. This effect can be triggered once every 5s.
Xianyun’s C4 lets her heal the team with her post-Skill enhanced Plunging Attack. Xianyun already heals enough with her Burst that this Constellation is almost worthless.
Constellation 5
Constellation 5
|
Astride Rose-Colored Clouds
Increases the Level of White Clouds at Dawn by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
This Constellation increases Xianyun’s Elemental Skill damage. This is a very low DPS increase prior to C6, but it becomes better used at C6.
Constellation 6
Constellation 6
|
They Call Her Cloud Retainer
After Xianyun uses 1/2/3 Skyladders within one Cloud Transmogrification caused by White Clouds at Dawn, the CRIT DMG of a Driftcloud Wave created in this instance of Cloud Transmogrification will be increased by 15%/35%/70%.
Within 16s after Xianyun has used Stars Gather at Dusk, White Clouds at Dawn will not enter CD. This effect will be canceled once she has used White Clouds at Dawn 8 times.
Xianyun’s C6 is a remarkable Constellation that lets her become a potent on-field Plunging Attack DPS unit. After using her Burst, Xianyun’s Skill has no cooldown (for up to 8 uses), so she can spam her triple jump Skill and enhanced Plunging Attack. This Constellation also increases the CRIT DMG of her enhanced Plunging Attack.
Plunging Attack Buff
Xianyun’s Plunging Attack Additive Base DMG Bonus functions similarly to Yun Jin’s Normal Attack buff or Shenhe’s Icy Quill effect. This type of buff scales differently than most other buffs (like ATK% or DMG% Bonus). For more information on how Additive Base DMG Bonus scales with the character performing the Plunging Attack, please refer to the
Shenhe Extended Guide
for an analogous case.
Xianyun grants an Additive Base DMG Bonus to a maximum of 8 Plunging Attacks after using her Elemental Burst via her A4 Passive. This damage increase applies to at most 1 enemy per Plunging Attack. This buff applies to Plunging Attacks that make contact with the ground (“High/Low Plunge DMG” in the Normal Attack Talent description); it does
not
apply to midair collisions with enemies (“Plunge DMG” in the Normal Attack Talent description).
The Additive Base DMG Bonus scales with Xianyun’s total ATK stat and caps at an effective stat of 4500 ATK. Talent levels do not increase the buff.
Artifacts
ER Requirements
Crane’s Echoing Call
(5 Procs – R1)
Crane’s Echoing Call
(8 Procs – R1)
Other Weapons
Solo Anemo
190–260%
165–220%
220–300%
Xiao
—
140–150%
200–210%
Xiao + Faruzan
—
130–135%
185–195%
Xiao + Faruzan (C6)
—
100%
120–130%
ER requirements with Crane’s Echoing Call equipped depend on how many times Xianyun’s teammates perform a Plunging Attack. 5 and 8 Plunging Attacks were chosen as benchmarks at the low and high end of different team rotations.
Xianyun’s ER requirements with Xiao vary depending on rotation length (22–26s).
Xiao performs at least 8 Plunging Attacks but most rotations allow for up to 12, so ER requirements with Crane’s Echoing Call may be even lower with the additional Plunging Attacks.
Teammate Favonius procs reduce her ER requirements by 10-20% if not caught, and by 20-60% if caught (depending on the value of her initial ER requirement).
Use the
Energy Recharge Calculator
to determine exact requirements for your team and rotation.
Artifact Stats
Sands
Goblet
Circlet
ER% or ATK%
ATK%
ATK%
Stat Priority:
ER% (until requirement) > ATK% ≥ Flat ATK (Max 4500 ATK) >> EM > CRIT
Xianyun must use her Burst every rotation, so it is important to meet her ER requirements before prioritizing her ATK stat. Xianyun’s Plunging Attack buff effectively caps when her ATK stat is 4500 (including team buffs).
A CRIT Rate Circlet may be used if Xianyun is holding Favonius Codex.
Artifact Sets
Calcs for artifact set comparisons can be found
here
(last updated for Version 4.4).
Xianyun’s preferred artifact sets focus on her buffing capabilities. Xianyun’s personal damage is so negligible that min-maxing her damage is a waste of resources that would be better spent on the team’s Plunging Attack DPS.
Recommended Sets
4pc Viridescent Venerer
4pc Viridescent Venerer is one of Xianyun’s best artifact sets. If the team lacks a Cryo, Electro, Hydro, or Pyro DPS unit (on-field or off-field), then opt for another set.
In a team with Xiao, Faruzan, and Furina, this set becomes less valuable since it does not buff Xiao’s damage. Still, it does help Furina’s damage, so it’s not completely without merit if you want to keep Xianyun on one consistent build.
4pc Ocean-Hued Clam
4pc Ocean-Hued Clam is one of Xianyun’s best options since she deals good damage with the bubble. However, its value decreases a bit as you invest more into the on-field Plunging Attack DPS unit.
4pc Noblesse Oblige
4pc Noblesse Oblige is a great option if no one else on the team can hold it. This set performs better with higher investment into the Plunging Attack DPS unit. In Xiao teams, you should prioritize 4pc Noblesse Oblige over 4pc Viridescent Venerer.
4pc Song of Days Past
4pc Song of Days Past is a good option should you have it. However, 4pc Ocean-Hued Clam almost always performs better since its bubble damage is greater than this artifact set’s buff.
Other Sets
2pc Mixed Sets
2pc Bonuses: ATK%, ER%, Healing Bonus%, Anemo DMG%
2pc set combinations can be used while farming for one of the sets above. They perform slightly worse than the options above.
2pc ATK% + 2pc ER% is the best 2pc combination to maximize her Plunging Attack buff and meet her ER requirements.
4pc Emblem of Severed Fate
4pc Emblem of Severed Fate helps reach Xianyun’s ER requirements while buffing her Burst damage. However, Xianyun’s personal damage contribution is very low relative to her team, so any of the options above are often better.
4pc Maiden Beloved
4pc Maiden Beloved maximizes Xianyun’s healing, but it is not worth using since Xianyun already heals enough. Any other option results in higher team damage.
Weapons
Calcs for weapon comparisons can be found
here
(last updated for Version 4.4).
In teams where Xianyun is the only Anemo unit, Catalysts with ER% secondary stats or Energy generation passives are recommended to meet her high ER requirements. In teams with Xiao and C6 Faruzan, other Catalysts become viable due to her lower ER requirements.
Recommended Catalysts (General)
Crane’s Echoing Call
Crane’s Echoing Call is Xianyun’s Best-in-Slot option. It possesses the highest Base ATK of any Catalyst (741 at Level 90), buffs the team’s Plunging Attacks for 20s, and significantly reduces Xianyun’s ER requirements.
Favonius Codex
Favonius Codex is a fantastic option for Xianyun as it lowers her ER requirements as well as her team’s ER requirements.
In teams with Xiao and C6 Faruzan, you can opt for a Catalyst with better ATK stats since the team’s ER requirements can be easily met.
Oathsworn Eye
Oathsworn Eye is a 4-star event-exclusive Catalyst released in Version 2.5.
It has a good Base ATK and decent ATK% secondary stat. Its passive increases Xianyun’s ER stat after she uses her Elemental Skill, which lowers her ER requirements by 40%.
If Xianyun’s ER requirements are on her lower end (around 220% or below), then Oathsworn Eye is a great choice. Otherwise, Favonius Codex is preferred to meet her higher ER requirements.
Recommended Catalysts (Xiao and C6 Faruzan)
5-Star ATK Catalysts
Memory of Dust, Skyward Atlas, Cashflow Supervision
These 5-star Catalysts have a high Base ATK and ATK% stats, which lets Xianyun reach her 4500 ATK cap more easily. However, it can be difficult to reach her ER requirements with these equipped in a team without C6 Faruzan.
If you want a 5-star weapon on Xianyun, Crane’s Echoing Call is the only one worth pulling.
Flowing Purity
Flowing Purity is a craftable 4-star Catalyst from Fontaine which possesses the exact same stats as Oathsworn Eye, except its passive is mostly useless. A good free option if you weren’t able to obtain Oathsworn Eye.
Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers
Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers (TTDS) performs on par with Oathsworn Eye or Flowing Purity. Its low Base ATK makes Xianyun’s Plunging Attack buff considerably worse, but its passive’s massive ATK% buff to Xiao makes up for the loss. However, if Xiao has 4pc Vermillion Hereafter equipped, TTDS performs worse.
Other 5-Star Catalysts
Other 5-star Catalysts possess a high enough Base ATK stat that they perform on par with Oathsworn Eye, Flowing Purity, and TTDS despite not having ATK% secondary stats. Nonetheless, Oathsworn Eye helps lower Xianyun’s ER requirements, which is better than any of these weapons’ passives.
If you want a 5-star weapon on Xianyun, Crane’s Echoing Call is the only one worth pulling.
Other Catalysts
Prototype Amber
Prototype Amber at R5 helps reduce Xianyun’s ER requirements thanks to its passive. It provides additional teamwide healing, but this is often unnecessary since Xianyun already heals so much (even in teams with Furina).
Overall, not worth using over Favonius Codex.
Hakushin Ring
Hakushin Ring is a niche pick for Xianyun’s teams with Electro units. It possesses a decent Base ATK stat and a much-appreciated ER% secondary stat.
Its passive effect grants an Elemental DMG Bonus to the team when Xianyun triggers Electro-related Elemental Reactions while on-field (via Electro Swirls).
Raiden Shogun is the most notable unit that may benefit from Xianyun’s use of Hakushin Ring.
Ballad of the Boundless Blue, Wine and Song
These Catalysts have the same Base ATK and ER% secondary stat as Hakushin Ring, except their passives are always useless for Xianyun. These are not recommended to use over other options unless you’re in a pinch.
Note that Fruit of Fulfillment is not included, since its passive works against Xianyun by lowering her ATK stat.
Teams
Rotation Notation
N = Normal Attack
C = Charged Attack
A = Aimed Shot
P = Plunging Attack
E = Elemental Skill
tE = Tap Skill
hE = Hold Skill
Q = Elemental Burst
D = dash (cancel)
J = jump (cancel)
W = walk (cancel)
> = switch character
( ) = these actions are optional; please refer to the notes below
[ ] = repeat these actions the specified number of times
Teambuilding
Furina
Xianyun and Furina have excellent synergy.
Xianyun’s teamwide healing counteracts Furina’s HP drain and allows quicker stacking of Fanfare points. Furina’s DMG% buff is incredibly powerful for the on-field Plunging Attack DPS unit.
Furthermore, Furina’s Hydro application from her Skill does not require any additional inputs to occur (as opposed to Xingqiu or Yelan, who require Normal Attacks).
Potential Plunging Attackers
Xiao and Gaming
are the only characters with a dedicated Plunging Attack playstyle so far.
Claymore, Sword, and Polearm users with innate Elemental Infusion
like Diluc, Ayaka, and Hu Tao make good use of their infused Plunging Attacks.
C6 Bennett
can infuse his or other melee units’ Plunging Attacks with Pyro, which enables them to deal Elemental damage and trigger Melt or Vaporize.
Catalyst users
have innate Elemental Infusion, which allows them to consistently trigger reactions on their Plunging Attacks.
Bow users are generally not recommended with Xianyun since they have weak Plunging Attacks that cannot be infused with an Element.
Off-Field Elemental Appliers
Off-field Elemental appliers can allow the Plunging Attack DPS to trigger Elemental Reactions, increasing their overall damage.
Units like
Xingqiu and Yelan
require the on-field character to weave in Normal Attacks between Plunging Attacks.
Units that apply Elements without the need to weave in Normal Attacks include Furina, Xiangling, Rosaria, Kaeya, Fischl, Yae Miko, and more.
Additional Supports
While Xianyun provides healing, a Plunging Attack buff, and other buffs via passives, other supports can also be valuable members of the team.
Shielders like Zhongli and Layla
can prevent the on-field Plunging Attack DPS unit from being interrupted.
ATK buffs
from Bennett, a 4pc Noblesse Oblige user, or a 4pc Tenacity of the Millelith user are good since all Plunging Attack damage scales with ATK.
Other kinds of buffs
from Furina, Yelan, Faruzan, C6 Sara, and Shenhe are also appreciated.
Dragonstrike Who?
Dragonstrike
is a well-established technique that enables melee units to execute Plunging Attacks off the ground. Xianyun increases the jump height of her teammates, so this technique is unnecessary in her teams.
Diluc, Raiden, Noelle, and Razor
are the most notable dragonstrike characters. Now they can be paired with Xianyun to make their Plunging Attack DPS playstyle much easier if you so desire.
Xiao
Xianyun — Xiao — Faruzan / Flex — Flex
Xianyun is an amazing support for Xiao. She offers a strong Plunging Attack buff, helps reduce Xiao’s (and Faruzan’s) ER requirements, and heals Xiao from his self-inflicted HP drain. Faruzan (especially at C6) is a fantastic third option thanks to her Anemo buffs; however, other team options are possible.
Example Teams
This is not a comprehensive list of teams. The inclusion or exclusion of any given team does not necessarily reflect its power level.
Xianyun — Xiao — Faruzan — Furina
This is one of Xiao’s top-performing teams. Xianyun allows Xiao to be played more easily with Furina; Xianyun’s healing follows Xiao, so he does not have to stay within a limited AoE to receive healing or buffs (as opposed to with Jean or Bennett).
Sample Rotation
Faruzan (EC) Q > Furina ED Q > Xianyun EP Q > Xiao 2[E] Q
combo
This rotation assumes C2+ Faruzan. Otherwise, Faruzan goes immediately before Xiao.
Xianyun — Xiao — Faruzan — Bennett
Another great Xiao-Xianyun team. Xiao needs to stay within Bennett’s Burst AoE to receive the Flat ATK buff.
Sample Rotation
Xianyun EP Q > Bennett EQ > Faruzan (EC) Q > Xiao 2[E] Q
combo
> Bennett E
This rotation assumes low Constellation Faruzan. If you have C2+ Faruzan, put her at the beginning of the rotation.
Xianyun — Xiao — Faruzan — Sucrose (C1+)
A Quadruple Anemo team that capitalizes on the high amount of Anemo Particles to significantly reduce the entire team’s ER requirements. Sucrose (C1+) holds Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers to increase Xiao’s ATK stat.
Sample Rotation
Faruzan (E C) Q > Xianyun EP Q > Sucrose 2[E] > Xiao 2[E] Q
combo
Xianyun (C1+) — Xiao — Zhongli — Albedo
A potential Double Geo Xiao team. Xiao has very high ER requirements without a dedicated Anemo battery, so this team is really only recommended if you have C1+ Xianyun. Zhongli provides a valuable shield and Universal RES Shred, while Albedo deals consistent off-field damage. The Geo Resonance buff is appreciated.
Further testing is needed to compare this team’s damage to the Faruzan version.
Sample Rotation
Albedo E > Zhongli hED (Q) > Xianyun EP Q EP > Xiao 2[E] Q
combo
Gaming
Xianyun — Gaming — Flex — Bennett / Flex
Gaming is a 4-star Pyro Claymore Plunging Attack DPS unit who appreciates all that Xianyun has to offer. Gaming’s Vaporize teams are his strongest, but Melt and Mono Pyro teams can also be used. Read the
Gaming Quick Guide
for more information!
Example Teams
This is not a comprehensive list of teams. The inclusion or exclusion of any given team does not necessarily reflect its power level.
Xianyun — Gaming — Furina — Bennett
This is one of Gaming’s best teams. Xianyun’s teamwide healing helps counteract Furina’s teamwide HP drain. Furina’s DMG% buff is great and her consistent Hydro application allows Gaming to consistently trigger Vaporize without needing to weave in Normal Attacks. Bennett provides fantastic ATK buffs and may enable Pyro Swirl setups.
Sample Rotation
Furina ED Q > Bennett EQ > Xianyun EP Q > Gaming EP Q 3[JP EP] N2 EP > Bennett E > Gaming N2
Xianyun — Gaming — Yelan — Yanfei (C4+)
This is a Bennett-less Gaming Vaporize team that requires him to weave in a Normal Attack between Plunging Attacks to proc Yelan’s Burst. Gaming takes full advantage of Yelan’s ramping DMG% buff. C4+ Yanfei creates a shield and applies a Pyro aura for Xianyun to Swirl. This is a team where multiple Favonius weapons may be useful.
Sample Rotation
Yelan EQ > Yanfei EQ > Xianyun EP Q > Gaming N1EP Q 3[N1JP N1EP] N1JP
Xianyun — Gaming — Rosaria — Layla
Rosaria and Layla provide enough combined Cryo application to allow Gaming to consistently trigger Melt on his Plunging Attacks. Rosaria grants a nice CRIT Rate buff and can hold 4pc Noblesse Oblige. Layla provides a shield and can hold 4pc Tenacity of the Millelith. Xianyun’s 4pc Viridescent Venerer Pyro RES Shred lasts for less than half of Gaming’s extended field time.
Sample Rotation
Testing in progress. Stay tuned!
Xianyun — Gaming — Xiangling — Bennett
A viable Mono Pyro team where Xianyun’s 4pc Viridescent Venerer RES Shred also benefits the off-field DPS unit (Xiangling). The Pyro characters also have lower-than-average ER requirements since there are more Pyro Particles being generated.
Sample Rotation
Bennett QE > Xiangling QE > Xianyun EP Q > Gaming EP Q 3[JP EP] N2 EP > Bennett E > Gaming / Xiangling
Bennett uses another instance of his Skill towards the end of the rotation to battery either Gaming or Xiangling.
Plunging Attack Enabler
Xianyun — Plunging Attack DPS — Flex — Flex
Xianyun’s Burst increases the jump height of the on-field character, which allows them to perform Plunging Attacks throughout its duration and take advantage of her buffs. This quick guide examines a few notable cases below.
Notable Teammates
Other options are likely possible! Further testing and analysis is needed to determine the playability and viability of different characters and teams. Let us know on
Discord
if you find anything worth playing!
DPS Units – Innate Infusions or Conversions
Hu Tao
Hu Tao makes great use of Xianyun since the Plunging Attacks let her tackle multi-target scenarios more easily. They can be played together in either Double Hydro Vape or VV Vape compositions. N2CJP is the preferred attack combo in these teams.
Diluc
Diluc can use Xianyun’s Plunging Attack buff to great effect since he possesses the highest Plunging Attack multipliers in the game. Diluc mains have employed his Dragonstrike technique for years, but now they can do it much more consistently and easily!
With C6 Bennett, Diluc does not have to use his Burst to infuse Pyro, which mitigates the need to build any ER.
Wriothesley
Wriothesley can make great use of Xianyun in his Reverse Melt, Mono Cryo, or Freeze playstyles. In Reverse Melt, Xiangling and Bennett are the preferred teammates. In Mono Cryo or Freeze, Shenhe is strongly recommended.
In teams without Furina, Wriothesley should start with an N3CJP combo before spamming N1JP to gain stacks of 4pc Marechaussee Hunter.
Ayaka
Ayaka infuses her Plunging Attacks with Cryo after dashing, which she can use similarly to Wriothesley in Reverse Melt, Mono Cryo, or Freeze teams.
Note that Ayaka’s Plunging Attacks trigger Shatter, so consistent Hydro application is needed to keep enemies Frozen.
Elemental Enablers
Bennett C6
Bennett’s C6 infuses Pyro into the Normal Attack Talent of Claymore, Polearm, and Sword characters. This allows them to trigger Vaporize or Melt with their Plunging Attacks.
C6 Bennett himself can also be played as a Plunging Attack DPS in Vape or Melt teams, opening up another slot for an off-field damage dealer or support to further augment his own damage.
Bennett’s Plunging Attack is also considerably faster than most other characters, which can let him perform a Plunging Attack string more efficiently than others (a trait shared with Albedo).
Chongyun
,
Candace
Chongyun and Candace infuse the Normal Attack Talent of Claymore, Polearm, and Sword characters with Cryo and Hydro, respectively. Bennett is the most efficient team choice as a Reverse Melt DPS with Chongyun or a Forward Vape DPS with Candace.
C6 Bennett does
not
work with Chongyun, but he does work with Candace!
Other Possibilities
Klee
,
Yanfei
Klee and Yanfei can consistently Vape or Melt their Plunging Attacks since they are Catalyst users. Further testing is needed to assess the viability of this playstyle.
Note that Yanfei’s Plunging Attacks do not increase her Scarlet Seal stacks, so her Charged Attack playstyle is incompatible. Also note that Klee cannot use her Burst since it applies too much Pyro.
Yae Miko
Yae Miko possesses the highest Base ATK among Catalyst users, which poises her to be a viable on-field Electro Plunging Attack DPS unit in Aggravate or Hypercarry teams.
The exact viability of her possible teams with Xianyun still needs to be determined.
Arlecchino
Although Plunge teams do not utilize Arlecchino’s kit well, she is still a viable Plunging Attack DPS, albeit with little advantage over other Pyro options. Xianyun’s teamwide healing also lets Arlecchino run Furina as a buffer despite being unable to receive healing herself.
Raiden
Raiden’s Plunging Attacks during her Burst state are considered Burst DMG, so they do not benefit from Xianyun’s Additive DMG Bonus to Plunging Attacks. Nonetheless, Xianyun is an alternative to Raiden’s standard team compositions with the combo 6[JP]. While Raiden may be able to perform 3[N1CJP] N1C, it requires basically frame-perfect input.
Keqing
,
Cyno
,
Razor
,
C6 Dori
These Electro characters prefer consistent and frequent Aggravate reactions, so Plunging Attacks are less than ideal compared to their Normal Attack combos. That is, these characters’ Plunging Attack combos result in slightly fewer Aggravates within a DPS window compared to their faster Normal Attack combos. Nonetheless, they can still be played with Xianyun.
Itto
,
Navia
,
Noelle
These Geo Claymore characters can deal great damage using their Plunging Attacks throughout their field time. They do not benefit from 4pc Viridescent Venerer, but Xianyun can still hold 4pc Noblesse Oblige or 4pc Ocean-Hued Clam.
Alhaitham
Alhaitham prefers to trigger a lot of Spread reactions, so a Plunging Attack playstyle is less than ideal.
Freminet
(C3+)
Freminet is the only Claymore character with a Constellation that increases Normal Attack Talent levels (his C3). As such, he has access to the highest Plunging Attack multipliers at Talent Level 9(+3), just barely higher than Diluc’s at Talent Level 9.
Freminet may be best played as a Pyro Plunging Attack DPS unit with C6 Bennett, but Cryo DPS playstyles with Chongyun are also possible. Physical DPS teams could also work.
C6 Kazuha
,
C6 Lynette
If you happen to have Kazuha or Lynette’s C6, their on-field DPS playstyles benefit highly from Xianyun (and Faruzan).
Kazuha’s enhanced Plunging Attack after using his own Skill also benefits from Xianyun’s Additive DMG Bonus to Plunging Attacks.
C6 Furina
C6 Furina has (limited) Hydro Infusion and a good buff to her Plunging Attack based on her Max HP. As such, Furina becomes a viable Plunging Attack DPS unit with Xianyun, especially in scenarios where she can trigger Forward Vape.
Example Teams
This is not a comprehensive list of teams. The inclusion or exclusion of any given team does not necessarily reflect its power level.
Xianyun — Hu Tao — Furina — Yelan
This is a strong Hu Tao Double Hydro Vaporize team composition that allows Hu Tao to break into AoE content a bit more easily. With Xianyun, Hu Tao can perform the attack string 5[N2CJP]. This means that Hu Tao uses roughly half the Stamina cost compared to before, which makes dodging more forgiving for those with C0 Hu Tao.
Note that Diluc, C6 Bennett, Klee, and Yanfei can all replace Hu Tao in this team archetype to varying degrees of viability.
Sample Rotation
Furina ED Q > Yelan EQ N1 > Xianyun EP Q N1 > Hu Tao E 5[N2CJP] (N2C)* (Q)
*Hu Tao can fit in a final N2C, but the timing is fairly tight.
Xianyun — Diluc — Xingqiu — Bennett
This is a VV Vape team where Xianyun can shred both Pyro and Hydro RES via 4pc Viridescent Venerer. Xingqiu provides consistent Hydro application to enable Diluc to Vape. Diluc greatly appreciates Bennett’s C6 which lets him forgo using his Elemental Burst, but the team still works with fewer Bennett Constellations.
Sample Rotation
Xingqiu ED Q > Diluc E > Bennett E > Xianyun EP N1 Q > Bennett Q > Diluc (Q)* 8[N1JP] 3[N1E] > Bennett E
*Diluc does not have to use his Burst if Bennett is C6.
Xianyun — Bennett (C5) — Chongyun — Xiangling
This is a Bennett Reverse Melt team that only works with Bennett if C5 or lower. Chongyun provides Cryo Infusion, and Xiangling provides consistent off-field Pyro application. Bennett should use a Cryo DMG% Goblet in this team.
Sample Rotation
Bennett E > Xianyun EP > Xiangling Q E > Chongyun Q E > Xianyun Q > Bennett EQ 4[N1JP EJP]
Xianyun — Wriothesley — Shenhe — Furina
A Wriothesley Freeze team where he takes advantage of all the buffs from Xianyun, Shenhe, and Furina.
Sample Rotation
Furina ED Q > Shenhe hEQ > Xianyun EP Q > Wriothesley E N3C 8[N1JP] (Q)
General Healer
Xianyun — Elemental DPS — Flex — Flex
Xianyun is a functional sidegrade to Jean or Sayu as a general Anemo healer, even if you choose not to perform Plunging Attacks. She can still provide a buff to the team via 4pc Viridescent Venerer RES Shred. As a solo Anemo unit, Xianyun’s main options are Favonius Codex, Hakushin Ring, Prototype Amber, and Oathsworn Eye.
Furina-Xianyun teams typically gain Fanfare stacks later in the rotation than Furina-Jean teams since Xianyun’s healing is extended over time as opposed to Jean’s instantaneous healing. However, this difference is not as important with units like Neuvillette who already stack Fanfare.
Credits
irokei, leifa, duckfero, june, snowy, natc, sew, emiliabyss, kolvii, polomo, nikatosaurus, caramielle, alix.sh, cloudider, spphrs
Team images made with the
KQM portrait generator
.