Genshin Impact
Best Emilie build in Genshin Impact – Full kit, Talent & Ascension materials
by
Aakash Regmi
Updated:
Aug 06, 2024, 15:32
Save for later
Save for later
HoYoverse
Contents
1
Best build for Emilie in Genshin Impact
2
Emilie kit in Genshin Impact
Emilie Constellations
3
Emilie backstory
4
Emilie materials in Genshin Impact
Ascension materials
Talent Materials
5
Emilie element & weapon
Genshin Impact 4.8 Phase 2
has finally introduced Emilie, one of the most intriguing
Dendro characters
in the game. As HoYoverse gears up for the end of the Fontaine saga in the upcoming updates, this
5-star character banner
serves as a perfect way to close out this arc.
Here’s everything you need to know before pulling Emilie in
Genshin Impact
, including her best build, Constellations, and best Artifact.
Best build for Emilie in Genshin Impact
Best Weapon:
Lumidouce Elegy/Missive Windspear (Free-to-Play)
Best Artifact:
Unfinished Reverie
Best team composition:
Ganyu, Emilie, Xiangling, Bennet
Emilie’s kit revolves around the Burning reaction, which is the result of the combination of Dendro and Pyro skills. Equipping her with the
Lumidouce Elegy
boosts her ATK and buffs her DMG to enemies with the Burning stat. The
Missive Windspear
is also a great option for her, since it boosts her ATK when any Elemental Reaction is triggered.
Article continues after ad
Article continues after ad
Regarding Artifacts, the
Unfinished Reverie
is almost tailor-made to suit her entire kit. The 2-piece set boosts her ATK, while the 4-piece set not only does that but also deals DMG Bonus to any opponent with the Burning condition.
It’s best to pair Emilie with a team that can trigger the Burning reaction, since her damage potential is unleashed once it’s created. You can
get a Burn-Melt team with Ganyu, Xiangling, and Bennet
(Support), which will make her second passive talent shine, as it increases DMG to Burning opponents.
Article continues after ad
It also offers the most benefits for her Lumidouce Case since it collects scents that strengthen her off-field damage even more, and keeps up the burning reactions so that Ganyu can constantly melt them.
Article continues after ad
Emilie kit in Genshin Impact
Emilie is a
Dendro Sub-DPS
in Genshin Impact, whose kit revolves around triggering the Burning Reaction (Dendro + Pyro).
Normal Attack — Shadow-Hunting Spear
Emilie performs four consecutive attacks with her Polearm.
Elemental Skill – Fragrance Extraction
Emilie creates a Lumidouce Case, dealing AoE Dendro DMG to nearby enemies. This Lumidouce Case fires Pure Dew Breath randomly. When there are nearby enemies in the Burning state, they’ll generate “Scent”, which can be absorbed by the Lumidouce Case in pairs and fire additional Puffs.
Only one Lumidouce Case can exist at a time. The Case’s initial rank is level 1 when it is created, but it can be increased up to level 2. If a level 2 Lumidouce Case does not collect any Scent for eight seconds, it will revert to level 1.
Additionally, when Emilie creates a Lumidouce Case in this way, she will fire a shot of Spirit Breath at her enemies, dealing Dendro DMG.
Elemental Burst – Aromatic Explication
Emilie gathers Scent to create a new Lumidouce Case of level 3 and destroys any existing ones.
While the Lumidouce Case level 3 is on the field, Emilie will stop gathering Scent but will continue to fire Pure Dew Breath at nearby enemies, every 0.4 seconds, dealing Dendro DMG.
Additionally, each enemy will be targeted by Puffs of Puredew only once every 0.7 seconds.
When the Elemental Burst duration ends, the Lumidouce Case that was previously destroyed will be restored.
Passive Talents
Headspace Capture:
When the Lumidouce Case created by Emilie is on the field, all party members gain 85% Pyro Resistance against Burning Damage.
Lingering Fragrance: Each time it collects two Scents, the Level 2 Lumidouce Case will consume Scents and release Cleardew Cologne that deals AOE Dendro Damage equal to 600% of Emilie’s attack to opponents. This damage is not considered Elemental Skill Damage.
Rectification: Emilie deals increased Damage to Burning opponents based on her attack, with every 1,000 attack increasing Damage dealt by 15%. The maximum Damage bonus that can be gained this way is 36%.
Emilie Constellations
C1- Light Fragrance Leaching:
Damage from Cleardew Cologne and Emilie’s Inherent passive is increased. In addition, when a party member triggers a Burning reaction or deals Dendro DMG to an enemy in a Burning state, an additional Scent will be released. This effect can be triggered once every 2.9 seconds.
C2
–
Lakelight Top Note:
When the Lumidouce Case gathers Scents, Emilie gains a layer of Specialized Effect, increasing her ATK by 18% for 10 seconds, max 2 stacks. Additionally, the duration of each stack is counted independently.
C3 -Ex
quisite Essence
:
Increase Elemental Skill level +3.
C4 – Lumidouce Heart Note
:
Emilie’s Elemental Burst duration is increased by two seconds and the interval between each enemy selected is reduced to 0.3 seconds.
C5 –
Puredew Aroma
:
Increase Elemental Burst level +3.
C6 -Ma
rcotte Sillage
:
When Emilie uses Elemental Skill or Burst, she gains Abiding Fragrance, lasting 5 seconds. During this period, Emilie’s Normal and Charged ATK DMG are converted to Dendro DMG, and the DMG dealt is increased by 250% of her ATK.
Emilie backstory
Emilie is a
renowned perfume designer from Fontaine
. Her abilities and scents are famous throughout the whole nation, and her products are unique and very sought after.
Related
Hero Wars tier list: Best heroes & team compositions
Mythic Heroes tier list: Best characters ranked
How much storage does Genshin Impact take? Mobile & PC file size
Article continues after ad
She’s also presented as a “forensic cleaner,” and usually aids the Maison to recreate crime scenes. Inspired by her mother’s work in forensic medicine, she’s fascinated by the mystery of chemical reactions and studied all related disciplines.
Emilie materials in Genshin Impact
Ascension materials
Level
Materials
Mora
Rewards
20
1x Nagadus Emerald Sliver, 3x Lakelight Lily, 3x Meshing Gear
20,000
1x Acquaint Fate
40
3x Nagadus Emerald Fragment, 2x Fragment of a Golden Melody, 10x Lakelight Lily, 15x Meshing Gear
40,000
–
50
6x Nagadus Emerald Fragment, 4x Fragment of a Golden Melody, 20x Lakelight Lily, 12x Mechanical Spur Gear
60,000
1x Acquaint Fate
60
3x Nagadus Emerald Chunk, 8x Fragment of a Golden Melody, 30x Lakelight Lily, 18x Mechanical Spur Gear
80,000
–
70
6x Nagadus Emerald Chunk, 12x Fragment of a Golden Melody, 45x Lakelight Lily, 12x Artificed Dynamic Gear
100,000
1x Acquaint Fate
80
6x Nagadus Emerald Gemstone, 20x Fragment of a Golden Melody, 60x Lakelight Lily, 24x Artificed Dynamic Gear
120,000
–
In total, here’s all the Ascension Materials you need for Emilie in Genshin Impact:
Article continues after ad
Fragment of a Golden Melody x46
Lakelight Lily x168
Meshing Gear x18
Mechanical Spur Gear x30
Artificed Dynamic Gear ×36
Nagadus Emerald Gemstone ×6
Nagadus Emerald Chunk ×9
Nagadus Emerald Fragment x9
Nagadus Emerald Sliver ×1
Mora x420,000
Talent Materials
Talent Level
Materials
Mora
2
Meshing Gear x6, Teachings of Order x3
12,500
3
Mechanical Spur Gear x3, Guide to Order x2
17,500
4
Mechanical Spur Gear x3, Guide to Order x4
25,000
5
Mechanical Spur Gear x6, Guide to Order x6
30,000
6
Artificed Dynamic Gear x4, Philosophies of Order x4, Silken Feather x1
37,500
7
Artificed Dynamic Gear x9, Philosophies of Order x12, Silken Feather x2
120,000
8
Artificed Dynamic Gear x6, Philosophies of Order x6, Silken Feather x2
260,000
9
Artificed Dynamic Gear x9, Philosophies of Order x12, Silken Feather x2
450,000
10
Artificed Dynamic, Gear x12, Philosophies of Order x16, Silken Feather x2, Crown of Insight x1
700,000
In total, here’s all the Talent Materials you need for Emilie in Genshin Impact:
Meshing Gear x18
Mechanical Spur Gear x66
Artificed Dynamic Gear x93
Teachings of Order x9
Guide to Order x63
Philosophies of Order x114
Silken Feather x18
Crown of Insight x3
Emilie element & weapon
Emilie in Genshin Impact is a
Dendro
character who wields a
Polearm
. Her signature weapon is called
Lumidouce Elegy
, a 5-star weapon with a Base ATK 608, and a CRIT Rate of 33.1%.
Article continues after ad
Version 4.8 "Summertide Scales and Tales" New Weapon Overview
Hello, Traveler! Today, Paimon wants to introduce you to the brand-new weapon that will be appearing in Version 4.8! Let's take a look~
See Full Details:
https://t.co/oOe7Wctgci
#GenshinImpact4ꓸ8
#GenshinImpact
pic.twitter.com/djHKqoJoIY
— Genshin Impact (@GenshinImpact)
August 2, 2024
While Emilie has a strong base kit, upgrading her with Talent and Ascension materials will make her almost unstoppable. You can gather more of them by participating in
events
or the
Imaginarium Theater
, but remember that you’ll have a limited time to pull her banner in Genshin Impact.
More
Genshin Impact
News
Featured Articles
Call of Duty: Warzone
Best SMGs in Warzone: Meta loadouts for Season 2
Call of Duty: Warzone
Best Assault Rifles in Warzone: Meta loadouts for Season 2
Call of Duty: Warzone
How to fix low FPS issues & stuttering in Warzone
Call of Duty
Best Warzone PC settings for FPS, graphics & reduced lag
Call of Duty
Best Black Ops 6 PC settings for high FPS & reduced lag
Sign up to CharlieINTEL
For The latest News, Views & Reviews
Sign up