Trending
The Boys Season 5
Windrose
Invincible Season 4
Twitch
Overwatch
Gaming
Genshin Impact
Best Emilie Genshin Impact build: Artifacts, weapons & team comp
by
Rishov Mukherjee
Updated:
Aug 06, 2024, 14:00
Save for later
Save for later
HoYoverse
Get Notifications for Gaming News
Contents
1
Best Emilie build in Genshin Impact
Best Emilie weapons
Best Emilie Artifacts
Emilie Ascension and Trace materials
2
Best team comp for Emilie
3
Emilie abilities
4
Emilie constellation in Genhin Impact
5
Emilie pros and cons
6
Trailer for Emilie
Emilie is a Dendro 5-star unit in
Genshin Impact
, and here is her best build including weapons, team comp, and artifacts.
Emilie is an interestingly unique unit in Genshin Impact. This is because her entire kit revolves around dealing increased damage to enemies affected by Burning. In short, she’ll function quite well with Burgeon teams which is a rarity in the game.
While you might be waiting for the best units to pull from
Natlan
in the upcoming patches, Emilie might be a good addition to your squad on account of her scaling. If you’re one of those players who is interested in Emilie, we have you covered.
Article continues after ad
Best Emilie build in Genshin Impact
Weapon
Artifact
Stats
Team Comp
Lumidouce Elegy
Unfinished Reverie
Circlet
: Crit Rate or Crit DMG
Goblet
: Dendro DMG Bonus
Sands
: ATK%
Substats
: Crit Rate, Crit DMG, Energy Recharge
Emilie, Arlecchino, Xiangling, Bennett
This is the best build for Emilie in Genshin Impact. If you are interested in learning more about the individual components of her build, we have discussed those in the following sections.
Best Emilie weapons
Lumidouce Elegy
HoYoverse
Lumidouce Elegy is the best polearm for Emilie in Genshin Impact.
This is the best weapon for Emilie in Genshin Impact. It increases the ATK of the wearer by 15%. Additionally, it increases Burning on an enemy and also deals Dendro damage to every Burning enemy with an 18% DMG boost.
Article continues after ad
It restores 12 Energy for the wearer and can be triggered even when the wearer is off-field. This weapon scales quite well with Emilie and synergizes with her kit.
Article continues after ad
Calamity Queller
This weapon is also quite good on Emilie as it increases the Elemental DMG of the wearer by 12%. Additionally, it increases the ATK of the wearer by 3.2% up to 6 stacks. If the character is off-field, the ATK bonus is doubled.
Best Emilie Artifacts
HoYoverse
Unfinished Reverie works perfectly with Emilie in Genshin Impact.
The best Artifact set for Emilie in Genshin Impact is
Unfinished Reverie
. The set bonus for the artifact set is as follows:
Set piece
Set Bonus
2-pc
ATK+18%
4-pc
After leaving combat for 3s, DMG dealt increases by 50%. In combat, if no Burning opponents are nearby for more than 6s, this DMG Bonus will decrease by 10% per second until it reaches 0%. When a Burning opponent exists, it will increase by 10% instead until it reaches 50%. This effect still triggers if the equipping character is off-field.
Emilie Ascension and Trace materials
Ascension
Emilie in Genshin Impact needs
Nagadus Emerald Silver and its upgrades, Fragment of a Golden Melody, Lakelight Lily, and Meshing Gear
. The exact number of materials are as follows:
Related
Best Sparxie Honkai Star Rail build: Team, Light Cones, Eidolons, and Abilities
Best Yao Guang Honkai Star Rail build: Team, Light Cones, Eidolons, and Abilities
Best Hysilens Honkai Star Rail build: Relics, Light Cones & team comp
Article continues after ad
Nagadus Emerald Silver x1
Nagadus Emerald Fragment x9
Nagadus Emerald Chunk x9
Nagadus Emerald Gemstone x6
Fragment of a Golden Melody x46
Meshing Gear x18
Mechanical Spur Gear x30
Artificed Dynamic Gear x36
Lakelight Lily x168
Trace
Emilie’s Traces in Genshin Impact need
Teachings of Order and its upgrades, Meshing Gear and its upgrades, and Silken Feather
. The exact number of materials she needs is as follows:
Article continues after ad
Teachings of Order x9
Guide to Order x63
Philosophies of Order x114
Meshing Gear x18
Mechanical Spur Gear x66
Artificed Dynamic Gear x93
Silken Feather x18
Best team comp for Emilie
Emilie shines best in Burgeon team comps. Thus, the best units to pair her with are
Arlecchino
,
Xiangling
, and
Bennett
. In this team, Arlecchino is the main DPS as her scaling is exceptionally high and she is the best Pyro DPS in the game.
Article continues after ad
Emilie will offer the off-field Dendro application, while Xiangling will offer the off-field damage. Finally, Bennett will function as the healer in this team.
If you want you can also run a team with
Hu Tao
or Diluc
as the main DPS. However, you will need a Pyro unit to trigger Emilie’s Rectification passive.
Emilie abilities
HoYoverse
Emily scales well with Burning in Genshin Impact.
Normal Attack: Shadow-Hunting Spear
ABILITY NAME
DESCRIPTION
Normal Attack
Performs up to 4 consecutive spear strikes.
Charged Attack
Consumes a certain amount of Stamina to perform an upward slash.
Plunging Attack
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Skill
ABILITY NAME
DESCRIPTION
Fragrance Extraction
Creates a Lumidouce Case that deals AoE Dendro DMG.
Lumidouce Case
Fires Puffs of Puredew at nearby opponents at intervals, dealing Dendro DMG.
When nearby opponents are affected by Burning, they will give off Scents at intervals, and 1 Scent can be created this way every 2s. The Lumidouce Case collects nearby Scents.
The Lumidouce Case will level up after gathering 2 of them, after which it will fire 1 extra Puff of Puredew when firing, while the DMG dealt by and DMG AoE of the above attack will also be increased.
1 Lumidouce Case created by Emilie herself can exist at any one time. The Case starts at Level 1 and can go up to Level 2. If the Case does not collect any Scents for 8s while it is on the field, it will go back to Level 1.
Arkhe: Pneuma
At intervals, after Emilie creates a Lumidouce Case this way, a Spiritbreath Thorn will descend in front of her and pierce her opponent, dealing Pneuma-aligned Dendro DMG.
Ultimate
ABILITY NAME
DESCRIPTION
Aromatic Explication
Guiding the fragrances collected within the Case, Emilie converts them into pure Dendro energy, creating a Level 3 Lumidouce Case and stowing existing Cases away.
While it exists, the Level 3 Lumidouce Case will not gather nearby Scents, but it will continuously cause Scented Dew to descend, attacking opponents within range and dealing Dendro DMG. During this time, 1 drop of Scented Dew will descend every 0.3 seconds, and 1 opponent can become the target every 0.7 seconds.
When the duration ends, a Level 1 Lumidouce Case will be recreated. If a Lumidouce Case was stowed away when using Aromatic Explication, then the Case that was stowed away will be deployed instead, and its duration will be reset.
While Aromatic Explication is active, the Elemental Skill “Fragrance Extraction” will not create a Lumidouce Case.
Passives
ABILITY NAME
DESCRIPTION
Headspace Capture
When the Lumidouce Case created by Emilie is on the field, all party members gain 85% Pyro RES against Burning DMG.
Lingering Fragrance
Each time it collects 2 Scents, the Level 2 Lumidouce Case will consume Scents and release Cleardew Cologne that deals AoE Dendro DMG equal to 600% of Emilie’s ATK to opponents. This DMG is not considered Elemental Skill DMG.
Rectification
Emilie deals increased DMG to Burning opponents based on her ATK, with every 1,000 ATK increasing DMG dealt by 15%. The maximum DMG bonus that can be gained this way is 36%.
Emilie constellation in Genhin Impact
HoYoverse
Emilie’s Constellations further enhance her damage output.
Level 1
–
Light Fragrance Leeching
: Increases the DMG dealt by Fragrance Extraction and her Passive Talent’s Cleardew Cologne “Lingering Fragrance” by 20%. The latter requires unlocking said Passive Talent first. Additionally, when nearby party members trigger the Burning reaction on opponents or deal Dendro DMG to Burning opponents, they will generate an additional Scent. This effect can be triggered once every 2.9s.
Level 2
–
Lakelight Top Note
: When Fragrance Extraction, Aromatic Explication, or Cleardew Cologne produced by the Passive Talent “Lingering Fragrance” (the last of which requires Passive Talent activation) hits opponents, those opponents’ Dendro RES is decreased by 30% for 10s.
Level 3
–
Exquisite Essence
: Increases the Level of Fragrance Extraction by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4
–
Lumidouce Heart Note
: Aromatic Explication’s duration is increased by 2s. The interval between opponents being selected as the target for Scented Dew is decreased by 0.3s.
Level 5
–
Puredew Aroma:
Increases the Level of Aromatic Explication by 3. Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6
–
Marcott Silage:
When using Fragrance Extraction or Aromatic Explication, Emilie will gain Abiding Fragrance for 5s. While this is active, after Emilie uses Normal or Charged Attacks, she will generate 1 Scent, and her Normal and Charged Attack DMG will be converted into Dendro DMG that cannot be overridden, and the DMG dealt will be increased by 300% of Emilie’s ATK. The Abiding Fragrance effect will be removed after 4 Scents are created this way or after its duration expires. Abiding Fragrance can be triggered once every 12s.
Emilie pros and cons
While Emilie is quite strong, she has a few disadvantages. Here are Emilie’s pros and cons in Genshin Impact:
Article continues after ad
Pros
Cons
Good Dendro application
Does not work outside of non-burning teams
Pyro RES against Burning
Her damage is quite good
Trailer for Emilie
On August 6, 2024, HoYoverse officially released a brand-new trailer for Emilie. If you did not check it yet, you can do so from the link provided below:
This is all we know about Emilie in Genshin Impact. For more on the game, check out all the
free characters
you can get,
how the Pity system
works, and whether or not it’s
cross-platform
.
Article continues after ad
More
Genshin Impact
News
Add as a preferred source on Google
Follow on Google News
Featured Articles
Gaming
Vinland Saga creator’s Minecraft struggles go viral as his kids take over
TV & Movies
Stranger Things: Tales From ’85 soundtrack – all artists and songs
GTA
GTA insiders respond after being “misquoted” over GTA 6 release date rumors
TV & Movies
Michael Jackson biopic star explains why movie ignores sexual assault allegations
Halo
Halo’s scrapped battle royale turned into an extraction shooter: report
Sign up to Dexerto
For The latest News, Views & Reviews
Better Reading Experience
|
Save Your Favourite Items
Sign up