In Short
Emilie is a Dendro off-field Sub-DPS with a focus on Burning reactions as she does considerably more damage when enemies are Burning.
The best teams of Emilie will trigger the Burning reaction and maximize her off-field damage output.
The best Emilie teams are Mono Pyro, Vape, Melt, and Aggravate teams.
Click Here to Add Beebom as a Trusted Source
Add as a preferred source on Google
Emilie is a 5-star Dendro Sub-DPS who wields a Polearm and her kit is
strong in Burning teams
. Emilie’s kit enables her to output continuous Dendro off-field damage. Her damage considerably increases when the Burning reaction is triggered by nearby allies. The best teams of Emilie will need to have characters that can trigger her Burning reaction with consistency to maximize her damage. Here I have ranked the 5 best teams for Emilie in Genshin Impact.
5. Clorinde-Fischl-Emilie-Thoma (Aggravate)
Image Courtesy: Genshin Impact X (Edited by Sanmay Chakrabarti)
The
Clorinde
Aggravate team is one of the best Emilie teams in Genshin Impact. This team has a high damage output but you must ensure that the Electro application on the team is pretty significant compared to the Pyro application.
Double-electro teams work the best in this combo
, especially with Clorinde and Fischl being part of the party.
4. Wriothesly-Xiangling-Emilie-Bennet (Melt)
Image Courtesy: Genshin Impact X (Edited by Sanmay Chakrabarti)
Emilie is also a good option for
Wriothesly
Melt teams, dealing a considerable damage output when played correctly. Xiangling and Bennet become the Pyro Applier for the Melt reaction,
and also triggers Burning
which buffs Emilie’s attacks significantly. This team is also easier to play compared to Aggravate teams.
Related Articles
Genshin Impact Emilie Materials and Farming Guide
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Jul 23, 2024
Genshin Impact Emilie Build, Kit, Weapons & Artifacts
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Jul 23, 2024
3. Neuvillette-Xiangling-Emilie-Zhongli (Vape)
Image Courtesy: Genshin Impact X (Edited by Sanmay Chakrabarti)
Neuvillette
Vape teams
are also a great pick for Emilie, as she can capitalize on the elemental reaction as long as you trigger Burning. Xiangling is one of the best Pyro applier for this team, as her Ultimate can both trigger the Vaporize reaction and cause the Burning for the extra damage from Emilie.
2. Lyney-Kazuha-Emilie-Bennet (Mono Pyro)
Image Courtesy: Genshin Impact X (Edited by Sanmay Chakrabarti)
The
mono Pyro teams are the best teams for Emilie
in Genshin Impact. Emilie can easily replace Xiangling in single-target situations for Lyney teams, dealing comparatively a lot more damage. Emilie is also easiest to play in Mono pyro teams, as you don’t need to constantly worry about the elemental reactions.
1. Arlecchino-Bennet-Emilie-Zhongli (Mono Pyro)
Image Courtesy: Genshin Impact X (Edited by Sanmay Chakrabarti)
Arlecchino’s mono Pyro team is the best Emilie team in the game.
This team perfectly capitalizes on Emilie’s strengths, allowing her to deal constant off-field damage while
Arlecchino
wreaks havoc on the field.
Zhongli
acts as a shielder for Arlecchino, but you can also replace him for Kazuha to get better Crowd Control.
#Tags
#Genshin Impact
Sanmay Chakrabarti
An old soul who loves CRPGs and Souls-Like to death. Takes pleasure in simplifying "Complex and Hard" games for casual players with tailored guides and videos. He loves to explore new places, read fantasy fiction, watch anime, and create wacky character builds in his off time. He also loves solving puzzles,  and is proud of maintaining his long winning streak on NYT Connections.
Comments
0
Leave a Reply
Cancel reply
Add new comment
Name
Email ID
Δ
Loading comments...
Recommended Articles
Best Illuga Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Zibai Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Super Heavy Landrover Mechanized Fortress Boss Guide: How to Defeat, Location, and Best Teams
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Varka Build, Kit, Teams and Materials
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Jahoda Build: Teams, Artifacts and Weapons
Sanmay Chakrabarti
How to Complete Genshin Impact Tower of Inversion Quest
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Lantern Rite 2026 Guide
Sanmay Chakrabarti
More In Gaming
Marvel Rivals Error Codes and How to Fix Them
Ajith Kumar
How to Get Ben 10 Skins in Fortnite
Pranav Maytray
Sailor Piece Best Luck Build
Ishan Adhikary
Pokemon TCG Pocket Pulsing Aura Set Card List
Arnamoy Das
How to Get Fortnite Bloons TD 6 Sidekick for Free
Pranav Maytray
Assassin's Creed Black Flag Resynced System Requirements (Minimum and Recommended)
Ajith Kumar
Anime Vanguards Tier List (April 2026) – Best Units Ranked
Ishan Adhikary