Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Emilie kit and materials list
Everything you need to know about Emilie
Guide
by
Josh Broadwell
Contributor
Published on
Aug. 7, 2024
0 comments
Follow Genshin Impact
Emilie’s kit in Genshin Impact
lets her function in multiple roles depending on the team she's in. The 5-star Dendro character can take the stage as your main DPS or support someone else - ideally a Pyro someone else - with Dendro application.
None of that matters if she's not leveled up enough to meet the challenge, of course. Emilie's materials include several common Fontaine items, including one she shares with
Furina
, and Dendro gemstones from bosses in Sumeru, bosses who don't drop anything else Emilie needs.
Our
Genshin Impact
Emilie kit and materials guide lays out how Emilie works and what you need to get her to level 90. If you're after more help, check out our
Emilie build guide
for tips on her best setup.
Emilie kit explained
Emilie talent priority
Emilie ascension materials
Emilie ascension materials total
Emilie talent materials
Emilie talent materials total
Genshin Impact Emilie kit explained
Emilie’s kit is built for burning, with special buffs and even an extra attack that trigger only when that reaction occurs. However, if you don’t have Nahida and need someone to apply Dendro while off-field, you can make Emilie function well in that role instead. Sure, it’s not
ideal
, but her Lumidouce Case stays around for a while after she exits the field and applies Dendro, which you can use for other, non-burning reactions if you want. Burning is definitely best, but if Xiangling or your other Pyro sub-DPS is on another team, plain Dendro application Emilie is a solid enough choice.
Emilie normal attack: Shadow-Hunting Spear
This is the usual set of polearm attacks – four consecutive strikes for the basic, a decently powerful strike for the charged, and a moderately strong plunge attack.
Emilie elemental skill: Fragrance Extraction
Emilie places a Lumidouce Case on the field that deals Dendro damage in an area of effect with Puffs of Puredew. If burning enemies are nearby, the case extracts Scent from them every two seconds and levels up from level one to level two after collecting two Scent stacks. A powered-up case fires one additional Puredew, and its damage increases.
The case stays active for 22 seconds, and the skill’s cooldown is 14 seconds, which means you can keep it going continuously as long as Emilie remains conscious.
Emilie elemental burst: Aromatic Explication
Emilie creates a level three Lumidouce Case and removes any existing cases from the field. This case collects no Scent, but it does puff out Scented Dew every 0.3 seconds that affects nearby targets. Once the burst’s duration ends – after about three seconds – Emilie automatically creates a level one Lumidouce Case without using her skill.
Emilie passive talents
Emilie’s passives encourage you to play to her burning style and to keep her on-field as a main-DPS, at least for a little while.
First passive – Headspace Capture: Grants the party an 85 percent burning damage reduction while a Lumidouce Case is active
Second passive – Lingering Fragrance: When a level two Lumidouce Case collects two Scent stacks, it releases Cleardew Cologne – a cloud of Dendro that deals Dendro damage equal to 600 percent of Emilie’s attack to nearby enemies
Third passive – Rectification: Emilie deals additional damage to burning enemies, an extra 15 percent damage for every 1,000 attack she has for a maximum of 36 percent
Genshin Impact Emilie talent priorities
Emilie's burst might deal the most damage, but her skill is what will stay active more often - well, comparatively speaking. With an energy cost of 50, Emilie can fire off her burst more frequently than most characters. Level her skill and burst together, but if you're running short on materials, prioritize her skill.
Skill
Burst
Normal attack
Emilie materials for ascension
Emilie uses a handful of items you've likely gathered plenty of in Fontaine, along with a boss drop she shares with
Arlecchino
.
Level
Items
Cost in Mora
20
1 Nagadus Emerald Sliver, 3 Meshing Gear, 3 Lakelight Lily
20,000
40
3 Nagadus Emerald Fragment, 15 Meshing Gear, 10 Lakelight Lily,  2 Fragment of a Golden Melody
40,000
50
6 Nagadus Emerald Fragment, 12 Mechanical Spur Gear, 20 Lakelight Lily,  4 Fragment of a Golden Melody
60,000
60
3 Nagadus Emerald Chunk, 18 Mechanical Spur Gear, 30 Lakelight Lily,  8 Fragment of a Golden Melody
80,000
70
6 Nagadus Emerald Chunk, 12 Artificed Dynamic Gear,  45 Lakelight Lily, 12 Fragment of a Golden Melody
100,000
80
6 Nagadus Emerald Gemstone, 24 Artificed Dynamic Gear, 60 Lakelight Lily, 20 Fragment of a Golden Melody
120,000
Nagadus Emerald Dendro gemstones
come from the Dendro Hypostasis and Jadeplume Terrorshroom normal bosses and the Guardian of Apep's Oasis weekly boss. None of them have Emilie's boss drop or talent item, though.
Gear items
drop from Meka enemies in Fontaine. It's impossible not to run into them, especially in the western and Liffey regions, though if you're struggling to find some, track them in your adventure guide to make it easier. You can also exchange Stardust for gears in the Paimon's Bargains tab of the in-game shop.
Lakelight Lily
is a Fontaine local speciality that only grows in the Erinnyes Forest area of Fontaine, which is east of Marcotte Station. Our
Lakelight Lily locations guide
points out where to find them all.
Fragment of a Golden Melody
is Emilie's boss drop item, and it comes from the
Statue of Marble and Brass
under Petrichor in Fontaine.
Emilie ascension materials total
Here's what that all those materials add up to.
1 Nagadus Emerald Sliver
6 Nagadus Emerald Gemstone
9 Nagadus Emerald Fragment
9 Nagadus Emerald Chunk
18 Meshing Gear
30 Mechanical Spur Gear
36 Artificed Dynamic Gear
46 Fragment of a Golden Melody
168 Lakelight Lily
420,000 Mora
Emilie talent materials
Emilie needs even more gears for her talents, so make tracking down Meka foes a priority while you're leveling her up.
Level
Materials
Cost in Mora
2
3 Teachings of Order, 6 Meshing Gear
12,500
3
2 Guide to Order, 3 Mechanical Spur Gear
17,500
4
4 Guide to Order, 4 Mechanical Spur Gear
25,000
5
6 Guide to Order, 6 Mechanical Spur Gear
30,000
6
9 Guide to Order, 9 Mechanical Spur Gear
37,500
7
4 Philosophies of Order, 4 Artificed Dynamic Gear, 1 Silken Feather
120,000
8
6 Philosophies of Order, 6 Artificed Dynamic Gear, 1 Silken Feather
260,000
9
12 Philosophies of Order, 9 Artificed Dynamic Gear, 2 Silken Feather
450,000
10
16 Philosophies of Order, 12 Artificed Dynamic Gear, 2 Silken Feather, 1 Crown of Insight
700,000
Order books
come from the
Pale Forgotten Glory domain
in Fontaine on Wednesday, Saturday, and Sunday. The
Arlecchino weekly boss may drop Silken Feather
, though if you get something else from him, you can transmute it into the strings at an alchemy table.
Emilie talent materials total
If you want to fully level one of Emilie's talents, it'll cost:
1 Crown of Insight
3 Teachings of Order
6 Meshing Gear
6 Silken Feather
21 Guide to Order
22 Mechanical Spur Gear
31 Artificed Dynamic Gear
38 Philosophies of Order
1,652,500 Mora
If you're saving up Primogems and materials for future
Genshin Impact banners
, check out our up-do-date list of
Genshin Impact codes
for some free Primogems.