In Short
Emilie is a five-star Dendro character in Genshin Impact and she wields a Polearm.
She scales off of Attack and her best artifact set is Unfinished Reverie.
She is a strong off-field Dendro DPS who does increasing damage when enemies are Burning nearby. Emilie is only strong in very specific Burning teams.
Click Here to Add Beebom as a Trusted Source
Add as a preferred source on Google
Emilie is a 5-star Dendro character featuring in Genshin Impact 4.8 and her kit is perfect for Burning teams. She is a strong off-field sub-DPS but only for Burning teams. Emilie will likely be a good partner option for the upcoming Pyro characters in Natlan, like the
Pyro Archon Mavuika
. If you are interested in Emilie, here is everything we know about Emilie’s kit and her best build.
Emilie: Weapon and Element Type
Emilie is a 5-star Dendro character wielding a
Polearm and she is an off-field Sub-DPS and Dendro applier. Her kit focuses on creating Dendro pods, which apply Dendro on enemies and deals more damage against Burning enemies. Emilie is a great off-field Sub-DPS for the Pyro characters with her best build and will likely be part of the new Pyro meta in Natlan.
She is a renowned perfume designer in Fontaine and has a
secret profession as a forensic cleaner
. As a forensic cleaner, she helps investigate crime scenes and unravel criminal secrets. Emilie is described as both an excellent listener and an exemplary respondent.
Genshin Impact Emilie Release Date and Banners
Image Courtesy: YouTube/Genshin Impact
Emilie will be released in the second phase of the Genshin Impact 4.8 version on
August 6, 2024.
She will feature in the 4.8 banners alongside Yelan.
Emilie Voice Actors
Emilie’s English voice actor is Amber Aviles
, who is known for her role as Ashley in You Still Can’t Do That on Television (TV series), and voicing Julei in Visions of Mana (video game).
Emilie’s Japanese voice actor is Hikasa Yoko
, who is known for voicing Kyoko Kirigiri in Danganronpa (Anime), Rias Gremory in High School DxD (anime), and Mio Akiyama in K-ON! (anime).
Emilie Kit and Best Rotation
Emilie has an off-field Sub-DPS focused kit
and she can also act as a Dendro applier in some teams. Emilie’s kit and build are mainly tuned towards Burning reaction, dealing increased damage multiplier as an off-field DPS when Burning is triggered nearby.
A few things to remember with her kit is that
she provides no buffs to her team members
and only deals a high amount of damage. Other than that, Emilie doesn’t increase the Burning reaction’s damage, but instead,
her kit deals more damage when enemies are Burning nearby
.
Image Courtesy: YouTube/Genshin Impact
Emilie scales completely on Attack and her damage multipliers increase when enemies are burning nearby.
Her skills put a Lumidouce Case on the ground, which stays after swapping characters and deals off-field Dendro damage on enemies.
The Lumidouce Case applies Dendro on enemies every 3 seconds and upgrades with Scent from nearby Burning enemies.
Upgraded Lumidouce Case deals more Dendro Damage to enemies.
Her Elemental Burst puts a Level 3 Lumidouce Case on the ground, which deals a lot more damage, and swaps out with a Level 1 Lumidouce Case or the Lumidouce Case active prior to the Elemental Burst.
Emilie Best Artifacts
Image Courtesy: In-game Screenshot
4-piece Unfinished Reverie
4-piece Deepwood Memories
4-piece Golden Troupe
The Unfinished Reverie set is the best Artifact set for Emilie’s build
as it increases Attack by 18% and significantly increases damage dealt by the wearer when the Burning reaction is triggered nearby.
The
Deepwood Memories
is also a good alternative for Emilie, as it increases Dendro Damage and reduces Dendro resistance to enemies. Besides that, you can also use the
Golden Troupe
artifact set if you have good sub-stats on them.
Best Emilie Build: Main and Sub-Stats Priority
Regarding Emilie’s main stat priority, use Attack % Sands, Dendro Damage % Goblet, and Crit Circlet. For Sub-stats,
focus on adding ACrit Damage and Crit Rate, followed by Attack %
and Energy Regen.
You
do not need a high Energy Regen
or any additional Energy Regen at all if you have her signature weapon. Other than that, Elemental Mastery is pretty much useless on Emilie.
Artifact
Main / Sub-Stat
Flower
Flat HP / Crit Rate
≡
Crit Damage > Attack % > Energy
Feather
Flat ATK / Crit Rate
≡
Crit Damage > Attack % > Energy
Sands
ATK % / Crit Rate
≡
Crit Damage > Attack % > Energy
Goblet
Dendro DMG / Crit Rate
≡
Crit Damage > Attack % > Energy
Circlet
Crit Damage
≡
Crit Rate / Attack % > Energy
Genshin Impact Emilie Talents
Image Courtesy: YouTube/Genshin Impact
Shadow-Hunting Spear (Normal Attack):
Emilie performs 4 consecutive spear strikes. Her charged attack performs an upward slash and her plunging attack damages opponents along the path and deals AoE damage on impact.
Fragrance Extraction (Skill):
Creates a Lumidouce Case that deals AoE Dendro damage and applies Dendro on enemies. Lumidouce Case fires Puffs of Puredew at nearby opponents at intervals, dealing Dendro damage. If nearby opponents are affected by Burning, they give off Scents at intervals, and one Scent can be created this way every 2 seconds. The Lumidouce Case collects nearby Scents. The Lumidouce Case will level up after gathering 2 of them, after which it will fire 1 extra Puff, with increased damage. 1 Lumidouce Case created by Emilie herself can exist at any one time. The Case starts at Level 1 and can go up to Level 2. If the Case does not collect any Scents for 8s while it is on the field, it will go back to Level 1.
Aromatic Explication (Elemental Burst):
Emilie guides and the fragrances collected within the Case and converts them into pure Dendro energy, creating a Level 3 Lumidouce Case and stowing existing Cases away. The Level 3 Lumidouce Case does not gather nearby Scents while it is active, but it continuously causes Scented Dew to descend, attacking opponents within range and dealing Dendro DMG. During this time, 1 drop of Scented Dew descends every 0.3 seconds, and 1 enemy becomes the target every 0.7 seconds. When the duration ends, a Level 1 Lumidouce Case will be recreated. If a Lumidouce Case was stowed away when using Aromatic Explication, then the Case that was stowed away will be deployed instead, and its duration will be reset. While the Elemental Burst is active, the Elemental Skill cannot create a Lumidouce Case.
Related Articles
All Genshin Impact Natlan Characters and Their Elements
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Jul 12, 2024
Genshin Impact 5.0 Natlan: Release Date, Banners & Characters
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Jul 11, 2024
Genshin Impact 4.8 to Bring Faster Boss Respawn Time & More QoL Updates
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Jul 5, 2024
Genshin Impact Emilie Passives
Headspace Capture:
All Party members gain 85% Pyro Resistance against Burning damage when Lumidouce Case,
created by Emilie
, is on the field.
Lingering Fragrance:
Level 2 Lumidouce Case consumes scent, each time it collects 2 scents, and releases Cleardew Cologne dealing AoE Dendro Damage equal to 600% of Emilie’s Attack to enemies.
Rectification:
Emilie deals increased DMG to Burning opponents based on her ATK, with every 1,000 ATK increasing DMG dealt by 15% (max 36%).
Genshin Impact Emilie Weapons
Image Courtesy: YouTube/Genshin Impact
Lumidouce Elegy
Staff of Homa
Staff of Scarlet Sands
Death Match
Favonius Lance
Missive Windspear
The Lumidouce Elegy is the best weapon for Emilie’s build
, which is also her signature weapon. This weapon gives a damage boost when Burning is triggered nearby or Dendro damage is dealt to burning enemies. Lumidouce Elegy also has a ridiculous Energy Regen for Emilie, allowing her to Burst every two rotations without any additional Energy Regen stat.
Other than that,
Staff of Homa
and
Staff of Scarlet Sands
are two other really good 5-star weapon alternatives. When it comes to 4-star weapons,
Death Match
is the clear favorite.
Missive Windspear
is the best F2P weapon option for Emilie.
Emilie Constellations
Image Courtesy: YouTube/Genshin Impact
Light of Fragrance Leaching (C1):
Increasing damage dealt by her Elemental Skill and Lingering Fragrance passive by 20%. Additionally, when allies trigger the Burning reaction on enemies or deal Dendro damage to Burning enemies, they will generate an additional Scent. This effect can be triggered once every 2.9 seconds.
Lakelight Top Note (C2):
Enemies’ Dendro resistance is decreased by 30% for 10 seconds when hit by Fragrance Extraction, Aromatic Explication, or Cleardew Cologne.
Exquisite Essence (C3):
Skill level + 3 up to level 15 max.
Lumidouce Heart Note (C4):
Aromatic Explication lasts for 2 seconds longer. Intervals between opponents selected as targets for Scented Dew are decreased by 0.3 seconds.
Puredew Aroma (C5):
Elemental Burst level + 3 up to level 15 max.
Marcotte Sillage (C6):
When using Fragrance Extraction or Aromatic Explication, Emilie gains Abiding Fragrance for 5 seconds. While this is active, she will generate 1 Scent, and her Normal and Charged Attack DMG will be converted into Dendro DMG that cannot be overridden, and the DMG dealt will be increased by 300% of Emilie’s ATK, after Emilie uses Normal or Charged Attacks. The Abiding Fragrance effect will be removed after 4 Scents are created this way or after its duration expires. Abiding Fragrance can be triggered once every 12 seconds.
Emilie’s Constellations are quite strong
and help get the most out of her character. Her C1 is very good and almost necessary if you are serious about building Emilie. Other than that, her C4 is also a very strong constellation, increasing her off-field damage by increasing the Burst uptime. Share your thoughts on Emilie in the comment section and let us know if you are going to pull her in Genshin Impact 4.8.
#Tags
#Genshin Impact
Sanmay Chakrabarti
An old soul who loves CRPGs and Souls-Like to death. Takes pleasure in simplifying "Complex and Hard" games for casual players with tailored guides and videos. He loves to explore new places, read fantasy fiction, watch anime, and create wacky character builds in his off time. He also loves solving puzzles,  and is proud of maintaining his long winning streak on NYT Connections.
Comments
1
Leave a Reply
Cancel reply
Add new comment
Name
Email ID
Δ
Loading comments...
Recommended Articles
Genshin Impact Linnea Build, Kit, and Weapons
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Jahoda Build: Teams, Artifacts and Weapons
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Illuga Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Zibai Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Columbina Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Instructor Set: How to Effectively Farm Artifacts
Sanmay Chakrabarti
How to Unlock Genshin Impact Witch's Homework Quest
Sanmay Chakrabarti
More In Gaming
Marvel Rivals Error Codes and How to Fix Them
Ajith Kumar
How to Get Ben 10 Skins in Fortnite
Pranav Maytray
Sailor Piece Best Luck Build
Ishan Adhikary
Pokemon TCG Pocket Pulsing Aura Set Card List
Arnamoy Das
How to Get Fortnite Bloons TD 6 Sidekick for Free
Pranav Maytray
Assassin's Creed Black Flag Resynced System Requirements (Minimum and Recommended)
Ajith Kumar
Anime Vanguards Tier List (April 2026) – Best Units Ranked
Ishan Adhikary