In Short
Clorinde is a Electro hyper carry with a focus on Normal attacks, and her kit is also focused on Bond of Life.
The best teams of Clorinde will help trigger her passives quickly and maximize her damage output.
The best Clorinde teams are Overload, Electro-charged, Quickbloom, and Aggravate teams.
Click Here to Add Beebom as a Trusted Source
Add as a preferred source on Google
Clorinde is a 5-star Electro DPS who wields a Sword and her kit is very strong and continues the Bond of Life mechanic trend.
Clorinde’s kit
allows her to build her Bond of Life when using her Normal attacks or receiving healing. Having Bond of Life increases her damage output and allows her Skill to do significant damage, especially if it’s more than 100%. The best teams of Clorinde will need to have characters that can trigger her Passive ability with consistency while maximizing her damage. Here I have ranked the 5 best teams for Clorinde in Genshin Impact.
5. Clorinde-Chevreuse-Fischl-Xiangling (Overload)
Image Courtesy: Hoyoverse/Genshin Impact (Edited by: Sanmay Chakrabarti)
Overload teams are always a good pick for Electro characters
, especially if you have Chevreuse in the roster. However, one of the big issues of Overload teams has always been crowd control (even with Chevreuse), which is why this team synergy is put at 5th. Clorinde’s best Overload team will be Clorinde, Chevreuse, Fischl, and Xiangling. You can also replace Xiangling with Bennet.
4. Clorinde-Fischl-Yelan-Xingqiu (Electro-Charged)
Image Courtesy: Hoyoverse/Genshin Impact (Edited by: Sanmay Chakrabarti)
Electro-charged teams are going to be a solid pick for Clorinde teams
, doing a fair amount of damage while getting the best out of Clorinde’s kit. Pair Clorinde with two Hydro appliers like Yelan and Xinqiu and add another electro applier like Fischl or Beido to get create the best electro-charged teams for Clorinde. Her best electro-charged team would be Clorinde, Fischl, Yelan, and Xingqiu.
3. Clorinde-Furina-Nahida-Fischl
Image Courtesy: Hoyoverse/Genshin Impact (Edited by: Sanmay Chakrabarti)
Furina
teams can also work great with Clorinde.
Furina can use Clorinde’s HP drop and regain mechanic
due to her Bond of Life to further boost her damage. Although this team is basically a version of the Quickbool teams given below, it’s a bit weaker compared to it as survivability can become a big factor. The best Furina team with Clorinde will be Clorinde, Furina, Nahida, and Fischle.
Related Articles
Should You Pull Clorinde in Genshin Impact 4.7
Sanmay Chakrabarti
May 6, 2024
Best Clorinde Weapons in Genshin Impact (Ranked)
Sanmay Chakrabarti
May 4, 2024
Genshin Impact Clorinde Materials and Farming Guide
Sanmay Chakrabarti
May 2, 2024
2. Clorinde-Nahida-Fischl-Yelan (Quickbloom)
Image Courtesy: Hoyoverse/Genshin Impact (Edited by: Sanmay Chakrabarti)
Quickbloom is another great choice for Clorinde teams and can be very close to the first spot in terms of damage output. Because of Clorinde’s kit, Hyperbloom becomes kind-of difficult for her, whereas
Quickbloom becomes the perfect reaction
. Pair Clorinde with Nahida, Fischl, and Yelan to get the best out of her Quickbloom teams. You can also swap in Xingqiu or another Hydro-applier for Yelan in this team.
1. Clorinde-Nahida-Fischl-Kazuha (Aggravate)
Image Courtesy: Hoyoverse/Genshin Impact (Edited by: Sanmay Chakrabarti)
Aggravate teams appear to be the best for Clorinde, as both Aggravate and Quicken will register as two electro reactions, stacking Clorinde’s passive quickly. Also, Clorinde has to attack so much due to her kit,
Aggravate teams make the most sense for her
at the moment. Pairing her with Nahida, Fischle and a crowd-controller like Kazuha seems the best team for Clorinde. You can also swap in Baizhu for Nahida or Kuki Shinobu for Fischl to get the best out of her aggravated teams.
#Tags
#Genshin Impact
Sanmay Chakrabarti
An old soul who loves CRPGs and Souls-Like to death. Takes pleasure in simplifying "Complex and Hard" games for casual players with tailored guides and videos. He loves to explore new places, read fantasy fiction, watch anime, and create wacky character builds in his off time. He also loves solving puzzles,  and is proud of maintaining his long winning streak on NYT Connections.
Comments
0
Leave a Reply
Cancel reply
Add new comment
Name
Email ID
Δ
Loading comments...
Recommended Articles
The Best Characters You Should Pull in Genshin Impact Luna IV (Ranked)
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Illuga Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Super Heavy Landrover Mechanized Fortress Boss Guide: How to Defeat, Location, and Best Teams
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Varka Build, Kit, Teams and Materials
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Jahoda Build: Teams, Artifacts and Weapons
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Lantern Rite 2026 Guide
Sanmay Chakrabarti
How to Level Up Fast in Miliastra Wonderland Genshin Impact (XP FARM)
Sanmay Chakrabarti
More In Gaming
Anime Vanguards Tier List (April 2026) – Best Units Ranked
Ishan Adhikary
Assassin's Creed Black Flag Resynced Pre-Order Guide: All Editions and Bonuses
Pranav Maytray
Marvel Rivals Blood Hunt Mode: How to Play, Free Rewards, and More
Aryan Singh
How to Get Gengar in Pokemon GO
Arnamoy Das
All Marvel Rivals Hellfire Gala Skins 2026 and How to Get Them
Aryan Singh
How to Get Free Emma Frost Hellfire Gala Skin in Marvel Rivals
Aryan Singh
Assassin’s Creed Black Flag Resynced: Release Date, Gameplay, and More
Pranav Maytray