In Short
Genshin Impact 4.7 will feature Clorinde, the new 5-star Electro character who is a hyper-carry.
All of her character ascension materials are Vajrada Amethyst, Transoceanic drops, Lumitoile, and Fontemer Unihorn.
All of her talent ascension materials are Transoceanic drops, Talent Books Justice, Everamber, and Crown of Insight.
Click Here to Add Beebom as a Trusted Source
Add as a preferred source on Google
Genshin Impact 4.7 will be a massive update, featuring three new characters and the next Dainsleif chapter quest. Clorinde is the most hyped character out of the three features in 4.7 and players are looking forward to pull her. If you are among them, then you need to start farming for her materials before the 4.7, to have
Clorinde’s best build
ready on release. Here are Clorinde’s ascension and talent materials that you need to pre-farm.
Genshin Impact Clorinde Ascension Materials
All Clorinde Character Ascension Material (Level-up Materials):
Materials
Quantity
Mora
420k
Vajrada Amethyst Sliver
1
Lumitoile
168
Transoceanic Pearl
18
Vajrada Amethyst Fragment
9
Fontemer Unihorn
46
Transoceanic Chunk
30
Vajrada Amethyst Chunk
9
Xenochromatic Crystal
36
Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone
6
Clorinde Level up Materials
Genshin Impact Clorinde Talent Materials
All Clorinde Talent Material (Abilities Level Up Materials):
Materials
Quantity
Mora
1653k
Teachings of Justice
3
Transoceanic Pearl
6
Guide to Justice
21
Transoceanic Chunk
22
Philosophies of Justice
38
Xenochromatic Crystal
31
Everamber
6
Crown of Insight
1
Talent Materials for Clorinde
Clorinde Materials Farming Guide
Clorinde’s materials are pretty easy to get and you can pre-farm them before her release. Here is a complete farming guide for Clorinde’s materials in Genshin Impact.
Lumitoile Farming Strategy
Image Courtesy: Teyvat Interactive Map
Lumitoiles can be farmed fairly easily in Fontaine. They are mostly present west of New Fontaine Research Institute either on the beaches or under water. Other than that, you can find five of them north-east of Central Laboratory Ruins. There are a total of 79 Lumitoile at one time, so you need to wait for the materials to reset three times before you can have all of them for Clorinde. You can also collect the materials from your friends’ worlds and save more time.
Transoceanic Drops: Transoceanic Pearl, Transoceanic Chunk, Xenochromatic Crystal
Image Courtesy: In-game Screenshot (Captured by: Sanmay Chakrabarti)
The Transoceanic Pearl, Transoceanic Chunk, and Xenochromatic Crystal are dropped by Angelic Sea Hare, Armored Crab, Ball Octopus, Blubberbeast, Bubbler Seahorse, Bubbly Seahorse, Cherubic Sea Hare, Hat Jellyfish, Hunter’s Ray, and Sternshield Crab. You can use the Adventurer’s Handbook to track the enemies and farm them for the drops.
Note:
The Transoceanic Chunk material only drops from Level 40+ enemies and the Xenochromatic Crystal material only drops from Level 60+ enemies.
Fontemer Unihorn: Farming Strategy
Image Courtesy: In-game Screenshot (Captured by: Sanmay Chakrabarti)
Fragment of a Golden Melody is an item that drops from Level 30+ Millennial Pearl Seahorse, which can be found in the Liffey Region in Fontaine. This normal boss is fairly easy to defeat, simply use elemental reactions to destroy the Xenomare Pearl in front of the enemy.
Related Articles
Genshin Impact Natlan Teased with Monsters and Environments
Sanmay Chakrabarti
May 24, 2024
Genshin Impact 4.7 Banners: Release Date, Characters and Weapons
Sanmay Chakrabarti
May 24, 2024
Genshin Impact Natlan Update Will Downgrade Visual Performance on Older Devices
Sanmay Chakrabarti
May 9, 2024
Vajrada Amethyst Location and Farming Strategy
The Vajrada Amethyst materials can be obtained by battling the normal and weekly bosses. You can also craft the higher rarity Vajrada Amethyst’s with the lower rarity ones. Here are the bosses you can obtain the materials from:
Electro Hypostasis
Electro Regisvine
Thunder Manifestation
Primo Geovishap
Bathysmal Vishap Herd
Stormterror Dvalin
Azhdaha
Childe
Raiden Shogun
Iniquitous Baptist
Talent Books Justice: Farming Strategy
Image Courtesy: In-game Screenshot (Captured by: Sanmay Chakrabarti)
Teachings of Justice talent books can be obtained from the Pale Forgotten Glory Domain, located in the underwater area below the Salacia Plain in Fontaine. They can be farmed only on Tuesday, Friday, and Sundays.
Everamber Trounce Domain Material: Farming Strategy
Image Courtesy: In-game Screenshot (Captured by: Sanmay Chakrabarti)
You can get Everamber as a random reward from the Apep Tounce Domain. The Apep Trounce is located near the Gavireh Lajavard, at the border of the Desert of Hadramaveth in Sumeru. Defeat the boss Guardian of Apep’s Oasis to obtain Everamber.
So, that’s it. You can now pre-farm for Clorinde in Genshin Impact. Share your opinion  about Clorinde and tell us which teams you are planning to play with her.
#Tags
#Genshin Impact
Sanmay Chakrabarti
An old soul who loves CRPGs and Souls-Like to death. Takes pleasure in simplifying "Complex and Hard" games for casual players with tailored guides and videos. He loves to explore new places, read fantasy fiction, watch anime, and create wacky character builds in his off time. He also loves solving puzzles,  and is proud of maintaining his long winning streak on NYT Connections.
Comments
0
Leave a Reply
Cancel reply
Add new comment
Name
Email ID
Δ
Loading comments...
Recommended Articles
Genshin Impact Lantern Rite 2026 Guide
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Luna V Guide: Leaks, Characters, and Release Date
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Illuga Materials in Genshin Impact Leaked
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Super Heavy Landrover Mechanized Fortress Boss Guide: How to Defeat, Location, and Best Teams
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Lohen Kit, Materials and Release Date
Sanmay Chakrabarti
The Best Characters You Should Pull in Genshin Impact Luna III (6.2), Ranked
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Illuga Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
More In Gaming
Marvel Rivals Error Codes and How to Fix Them
Ajith Kumar
How to Get Ben 10 Skins in Fortnite
Pranav Maytray
Sailor Piece Best Luck Build
Ishan Adhikary
Pokemon TCG Pocket Pulsing Aura Set Card List
Arnamoy Das
How to Get Fortnite Bloons TD 6 Sidekick for Free
Pranav Maytray
Assassin's Creed Black Flag Resynced System Requirements (Minimum and Recommended)
Ajith Kumar
Anime Vanguards Tier List (April 2026) – Best Units Ranked
Ishan Adhikary