Task Search
Checklists
Guides
Markers
Videos
Sort and Filter
No Results
Checklists
New Checklist
All Lists
My Checklists
All
All Lists
My Checklists
How creative can you get with your first free checklist?
Create a free account
All Interactive Maps and Locations
Eula Guide - Best Builds and Tips
By
Cedric Pabriga
,
Jen Rothery
,
Triforce
,
+30 more
Updated
:
Jun 30, 2023 5:38pm UTC
This page is part of IGN's Genshin Impact Wiki guide and details everything you need to know about Eula, which includes a full character overview, how to obtain Eula, combat details, talents, and skill upgrade priorities, a recommended character build, and much more.
Eula, affectionately dubbed as End-User License Agreement, has joined
Genshin Impact’s character roster
. With great burst damage and faster attack speed than all the other claymore users, she’s already proving herself as a great DPS character. That said, there are ways to make her an even better asset to your party. Keep reading for guidance on Eula's best talents, constellations, weapons, artifacts, and more.
Want to skip to a certain part in this guide? Click on one of these links!
Eula Character Overview
Eula Combat Details
Eula's Talents and Recommended Skill Priorities
Eula Constellation
Best Eula Character Builds
Best Weapons for Eula
Best Artifacts for Eula
Eula Character Overview
Eula is a descendant of the Lawrence Family. A very corrupt family that almost lead Mondstadt to its demise. Due to this, the people of Mondstadt don't have a great impression of her even though she has done nothing wrong. Despite this, she joined the Knights of Favonius and have risen to the rank of Captain of the Reconnaissance Company through her hard work.
How to Get Eula
Eula debuted in her own character banner, Born of Ocean Swell. Wishing on this character banner has been the only way to obtain Eula.
Eula Combat Details
Eula is a physical and burst DPS character who is suitable to take the role of main DPS of the party. Her attacks deliver devastating numbers and she can easily wipe out groups of enemies with her elemental burst. She can be quite the selfish carry, just like
Diluc
and
Klee
.
Since she deals cryo damage, we recommend having an electro sub DPS or support character to help trigger Superconduct, an elemental reaction that lowers a monster's physical resistance.
Element:
Cryo
Weapon:
Claymore
Rarity:
5-star
Eula's Talents and Recommended Skill Priorities
Eula's talents are all about dishing out damage... BIG, BIG, Damage.
Type
Name
Effect
Normal Attack
Favonius Bladework - Edel
Normal Attack: Perform up to 5 consecutive strikes.
Charged Attack: Drains Stamina over time to perform continuous slashes. At the end of the sequence, perform a more powerful slash.
Plunging Attack: Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Elemental Skill
Icetide Vortex
Sharp frost, swift blade.
Press: Slashes swiftly, dealing Cryo DMG. When it hits an opponent, Eula gains a stack of Grimheart that stacks up to two times. These
stats
can only be gained once every 0.3s.
Hold: Wielding her sword, Eula consumes all the stacks of Grimheart and lashes forward, dealing AoECryo DMG to opponents in front of her.
Grimheart: Increases Eula's resistance to interruption and DEF.
If Grimheart stacks are consumed, surrounding opponents will have their Physical RES and Cryo RES decreased.
Each consumed stack of Grimheart will be converted into an Icewhirl Brand that deals Cryo DMG to nearby opponents.
Elemental Burst
Glacial Illumination
Brandishes her greatsword, dealing Cryo DMG to nearby opponents and creating a Lightfall Sword that follows her around for a duration of up to 7s.
While present, the Lightfall Sword increases Eula's resistance to interruption. When Eula's own Normal Attack, Elemental Skill, and Elemental Burst deal DMG to opponents, they will charge the Lightfall Sword, which can gain an energy stack once every 0.1s.
Once its duration ends, the Lightfall Sword will descend and explode violently, dealing Physical DMG to nearby opponents.
This DMG scales on the number of energy stacks the Lightfall Sword has accumulated.
If Eula leaves the field, the Lightfall Sword will immediately explode.
First Ascension Passive
Roiling Rime
If 2 stacks of Grimheart are consumed upon unleashing the Holding Mode of Icetide Vortex, a Shattered Lightfall Sword will be created that will explode immediately, dealing 50% of the basic Physical DMG dealt by a Lightfall Sword created by Glacial Illumination.
Fourth Ascension Passive
Wellspring of War-Lust
When Glacial Illumination is cast, the CD of Icetide Vortex is reset and Eula gains 1 stack of Grimheart.
Utility Passive
Aristocratic Introspection
When Eula crafts Character Talent Materials, she has a 10% chance to receive double the product.
Since you want to deal BIG Damage, the skill priorities are as follows:
Normal Attack
Elemental Burst
Elemental Skill
There are a lot of intricacies with Eula, including an optimal rotation to fully utilize her elemental burst. The simplest rotation would be:
Elemental Skill > Elemental Burst > Normal Attack (4 Times) > Hold E > Normal Attack (4 Times)
This rotation should give you about 13-14 stacks of Lightfall Sword.
Eula Constellation
Eula's constellations give her massive buffs. The ones you might want to focus on are C1, C2, and C6.
Constellation Name
Effect
Tidal Illusion (C1)
Every time Icetide Vortex's Grimheart stacks are consumed, Eula's Physical DMG is increased by 30% for 6s.
Each stack consumed will increase the duration of this effect by 6s up to a maximum of 18s.
Lady of Seafoam (C2)
Decreases the CD of Icetide Vortex's Holding Mode, rendering it identical to Tapping CD.
Lawrence Pedigree (C3)
Increases the Level of Glacial Illumination by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
The Obstinacy of One's Inferiors (C4)
Lightfall Swords deal 25% increased DMG against opponents with less than 50% HP.
Chivalric Quality (C5)
Increases the Level of Icetide Vortex by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Noble Obligation (C6)
Lightfall Swords created by Glacial Illumination start with 5 stacks of energy. Normal Attacks, Elemental Skills, and Elemental Bursts have a 50% chance to grant the Lightfall Sword an additional stack of energy.
Best Eula Character Builds
Eula is a DPS powerhouse that would heavily benefit from a sub DPS like
Fischl
,
Beidou
, or Raiden Shogun. This is due to the fact that electro and cryo produce the elemental reaction
superconduct
which lowers the resistance of the mobs around a small AoE.
When playing as Eula, expect to have her out most of the time for her to deal as much damage as possible. Eula is a pretty greedy carry, which not only means that she's going to be out 90% of the time, it also means that a team has to be made with her in the middle.
Best Weapons for Eula
Eula's best weapons usually have the ATK sub stat. Here are some of the best weapons for her:
Weapon Name
In-Game Description
Song of Broken Pines
Increases the wielder’s ATK. When Normal or Charged Attacks hit opponents, the character gains a Sigil of Whispers (once every 0.3s). When you reach 4 Sigils, all will be consumed and all nearby party members will get increased Normal ATK SPD and ATK for 12s. Once this triggers, you gain no Sigils for 20s. Buffs of the same type won’t stack.
Wolf’s Gravestone
Increases ATK by 20%. On hit, attacks against opponents with less than 30% HP increase all party members' ATK by
40
% for 12s. Can only occur once every 30s.
Serpent Spine
Every 4s a character is on the field, they will deal 6% more DMG and take3% more DMG. This effect has a maximum of 5 stacks and will not be reset if the character leaves the field, but will be reduced by 1 stack when the character takes DMG.
Prototype Archaic
On hit, Normal or Charged Attacks have a 50% chance to deal an additional 240% ATK DMG to opponents within a small AoE. Can only occur once every 15s.
Song of Broken Pines is by far the best weapon for her followed by the Wolf's Gravestone. If you're looking for a free-to-play friendly weapon, Prototype Archaic is a good substitute.
Best Artifacts for Eula
There's only one good artifact for Eula and that's the Pale Flame set. No other artifact set suits Eula best.
Artifact Name
In-Game Description
Pale Flame
2-piece effect: Increases physical damage by 25%
4-piece effect: Increases attack by 9% for 7s when an elemental skill hits an opponent. This effect stacks up to 2 times and can be triggered once every 0.3s. Once 2 stacks are reached, the 2-piece effect is increased by 100%
For main
stats
aim for these:
ATK Sands
Physical DMG % Goblet
Crit Rate/Crit DMG Circlet depending on your crit rate.
The best Crit Rate to Crit DMG ratio is 1:2. This means that if you have 50% Crit Rate, you should have 100% Crit DMG.
For sub
stats
, here are some to be aware of:
ATK
Energy Recharge (around 130% Energy Recharge is good for Eula)
Crit Rate/Crit DMG
Don't forget to check out our
Characters
page, where you'll find a full list of
every character in Genshin Impact
, along with details regarding their combat
stats
, recommended builds, and even more.
Up Next:
Genshin Faruzan Release Date, Skills, Talents, and Constellations
Previous
Dori Build Guide: Best Weapon, Artifacts, and Team
Next
Genshin Faruzan Release Date, Skills, Talents, and Constellations
Top Guide Sections
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna IV Release Time and Details
Genshin Impact Luna III Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna II Release Date and Details
Was this guide helpful?
Leave feedback
In This Guide
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Initial Release:
Sep 27, 2020
+2
Learn more
Go to comments