Share
Facebook
𝕏
Reddit
Email
Here is a complete build guide for Eula in Genshin Impact, including her best weapons, teams, and Artifacts.
Best Eula build guide for Genshin Impact (Image via HoYoverse)
Eula is one of the first Physical DPS units in
Genshin Impact
. She was initially used to hit some of the highest numbers in the game, but has since fallen off the meta leaderboard. However, since she was released again in the
Chronicled Wish banner
, you might want to know about her kit and how to build her best.
Fortunately, this guide will contain all the information you need, ranging from the best weapons and Artifacts for Eula to her best teams in Genshin Impact, so that you can build her properly.
Table of Contents
[
hide
]
Best Artifact Sets for Eula in Genshin Impact
Recommended Artifact Stats
Best Weapons for Eula in Genshin Impact
Best 5-star Weapons for Eula in Genshin Impact
Best F2P Weapons for Eula in Genshin Impact
Best Teams for Eula in Genshin Impact
Best Artifact Sets for Eula in Genshin Impact
The Pale Flame Artifact set is the best for this Eula build in Genshin Impact (Image via HoYoverse)
Here are the best Artifact sets to use for the best Eula build in Genshin Impact:
Role
Artifact
Set Bonus
Main DPS
Pale Flame
2pc:
Physical DMG Bonus +25%.
4pc:
When an Elemental Skill hits an opponent, ATK is increased by 9% for 7s. This effect stacks up to 2 times and can be triggered once every 0.3s. Once 2 stacks are reached, the 2-set effect is increased by 100%.
Eula is a physical DPS character. However, this unfortunately means that you are quite limited in the Artifact sets you can use on her. Pale Flame, which is an extremely old Artifact set, is still the best in slot for her. Alternatively, you can consider the Bloodstained Chivalry set as well, if you are going for a Charged Attack playstyle, but it is not recommended.
Recommended Artifact Stats
These are the recommended main stats for your best Artifacts for this Eula build in Genshin Impact:
Artifact
Stat
Sands
ATK %
Goblet
Physical DMG Bonus %
Circlet
CRIT Rate/Damage
The preferred sub-stats for your Artifacts are:
Energy Recharge (until you meet Energy requirements)
Crit Rate/Crit Damage
ATK %
Best Weapons for Eula in Genshin Impact
Song of Broken Pines (Image via HoYoverse)
Eula has some good weapon choices available in the game. These range from premium five-star options, all the way to free, craftable four-star ones. You can make your decision based on the reasoning for the best weapons given below.
Best 5-star Weapons for Eula in Genshin Impact
The best five-star weapons for Eula will be mentioned below, along with their reasons:
Weapon
Reason
Stat
Effect
Song of Broken Pines
(Signature)
Eula’s signature weapon will naturally be her best-in-slot weapon since it increases her Physical damage while further increasing her Attack stat.
Physical DMG Bonus 20.7%
A part of the “Millennial Movement” that wanders amidst the winds.
Increases ATK by 16%, and when Normal or Charged Attacks hit opponents, the character gains a Sigil of Whispers. This effect can be triggered once every 0.3s.
When you possess four Sigils of Whispers, all of them will be consumed, and all nearby party members will obtain the “Millennial Movement: Banner-Hymn” effect for 12s. “Millennial Movement: Banner-Hymn” increases Normal ATK SPD by 12% and increases ATK by 20%.
Once this effect is triggered, you will not gain Sigils of Whispers for 20s. Of the many effects of the “Millennial Movement”, buffs of the same type will not stack.
Gest of the Mighty Wolf
Varka
‘s signature weapon is great for Eula. It is one of the best claymores in the game, and increases a ton of Crit stats for the holder, while also increasing damage dealt.
CRIT Rate 33.1%
Increase ATK SPD by 10%.
Every time the equipping character’s Normal Attack(s) hit opponent(s), when they cast their Elemental Skill, or when they begin their Charged Attack(s), gain 1/2/2 stacks of Four Winds’ Hymn respectively: DMG dealt is increased by 7.5%, for 4s. Max 4 stacks. This effect can be triggered once every 0.01s.
Additionally, when the team has the “Hexerei: Secret Rite” effect, each stack of Four Winds’ Hymn will increase the CRIT DMG of the equipping character by 7.5%.
Note:
The above weapon effects are at Refinement 1 and level 90.
Best F2P Weapons for Eula in Genshin Impact
The best free-to-play/four-star weapons are:
Weapon
Reason
Stat
Effect
“Ultimate Overlord’s Mega Magic Sword”
Firstly, it increases your Energy Recharge, allowing you to use your Burst more often. Moreover, it increases your Attack by a good chunk, increasing your base damage.
Energy Recharge 30.6%
ATK increased by 24%. That’s not all! The support from all Melusines you’ve helped in Merusea Village fills you with strength! Based on the number of them you’ve helped, your ATK is increased by up to an additional 24%.
Luxurious Sea-Lord
Increases the damage of your Elemental Burst, which is a huge part of Eula’s damage. On top of this, it also increases your Attack by a huge 55%, which will further increase your overall damage done.
ATK 55.1%
Increases Elemental Burst DMG by 24%. When Elemental Burst hits opponents, there is a 100% chance of summoning a huge onrush of tuna that deals 200% ATK as AoE DMG. This effect can occur once every 15s.
Snow-Tombed Starsilver
You can craft this weapon in-game for free using billets, making this an easy weapon option for any account.
Physical DMG Bonus 34.5%
Hitting an opponent with Normal and Charged Attacks has a 100% chance of forming and dropping an Everfrost Icicle above them, dealing AoE DMG equal to 140% of ATK. Opponents affected by Cryo are instead dealt DMG equal to 360% of ATK. Can only occur once every 10s.
Note:
The above weapon effects are at
Refinement 5 and level 90
. This is because four-star weapons are considerably easier to obtain, and some of these can even be crafted. So, you can easily obtain multiple copies of these weapons in most cases.
Best Teams for Eula in Genshin Impact
Best Eula teams guide in Genshin Impact (Image via HoYoverse)
Unfortunately, being a physical DPS unit means that the teams you can make for Eula are quite limited. You will need to pair her with other Cryo and Electro units to use Superconduct, an Elemental Reaction that makes enemies take more physical damage.
Character 1
Character 2
Character 3
Character 4
Eula
Mika
Raiden Shogun
Zhongli
Eula
Rosaria
Ineffa
Zhongli
Eula
Nahida*
Kuki Shinobu
Yelan
*Nahida should only be used here if she has her second Constellation unlocked, since it provides a massive resistance shred.
Apart from the above teams, you have a few free-to-play alternatives available for Eula as well:
Character 1
Character 2
Character 3
Character 4
Eula
Fischl
Mika
Layla
Eula
Rosaria
Sucrose
Xingqiu
We provide simple and reliable guides for Genshin Impact characters. From builds to team comps, we help you make the most of every character. Check out some of our Genshin Impact character guides below
Genshin Impact: Best Varka Build Guide
Genshin Impact: Best Durin Build Guide
Genshin Impact: Best Venti Build Guide
Genshin Impact: Best Fischl Build Guide
Genshin Impact: Best Albedo Build Guide