The Best Builds For Ororon In Genshin Impact
By
Rishov Mukherjee
Published
Nov 26, 2024, 11:15 AM EST
Rishov has been working in the gaming industry for three years now with a focus on guides and news coverage.
When not working you can find him building characters in Honkai Star Rail, sharpening his skills in Street Fighter or going through yet another run in Dark Souls or Elden Ring.
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Thread
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Ever since its release,
Genshin Impact
has included several 4-star units in its roster, but most of them are quite weak and players never bother leveling them up. There's only a handful of 4-star units that are good and Ororon, who was added to the game alongside version 5.2, has joined the list of the better ones.
Related
Genshin Impact: Best Team Compositions For Ororon
What Shocking combinations
Posts
By
Rabiya Rizwan
Ororon is a 4-star Electro Bow user who can play into multiple teams due to his element and kit. If you are a fan of this 4-star and looking to pull for him, here's a detailed build guide that will cover all the necessary areas.
Best Ororon Builds
Before jumping into the builds, it's essential to
take a look into some aspects of Ororon's kit
that make him strong as well as fun to play:
Ororon when combined with Chasca can fly for a very long duration while in Natlan.
This ability does not function well outside Natlan, but when you're in the fire nation, you can cover large distances in the air without ever stepping on the ground.
Ororon has very good Electro application
which makes him viable in Dendro teams.
He also increases the
Gliding SPD of party members by 15 percent
.
Ororon can
restore the Energy of all party members
through his Aspect Catalyst passive.
He can use the Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City artifact to its full potential
, thereby providing a massive 40 percent Elemental damage boost to the entire team.
Ororon's Electro application in addition to the synergy with Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City allows him to replace the likes of Kuki Shinobu and Fischl. However, you must remember that he can only function as a sub-DPS and does not have enough damage to replace any 5-star main DPS unit irrespective of the team composition.
Ororon Electro-Charge Build
Artifact Set
Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City
Weapons
Elegy of the End, Favonius Warbow
Ororon as an Electro-Charge sub-DPS can be extremely viable as the overall damage output from this is quite substantial. He has a passive where his
personal Electro damage is increased when a team member triggers the Electro-Charged reaction
on a nearby opponent.
In addition to that,
he'll also gain the buffs from the Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City
where his Electro DMG will be boosted by about 40 percent. However, you'll have to make sure that you use his Ultimate ability after using the Elemental Skill to trigger the buff.
Elegy of the End is the best weapon to use on
Ororon as he gains a lot of Elemental Mastery, ATK, and Energy Recharge that increase the damage of the reactions. As for a free-to-play option, Favonius Warbow is quite good as it provides a lot of Energy Recharge that allows him to use the Ultimate ability quite liberally.
Ororon's Ultimate has a very short AoE, so you must ensure that you use a character like Kazuha or Venti to keep the enemies in one place.
Ororon Hyperbloom Build
Artifact Set
Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City
Weapons
Elegy of the End, Favonius Warbow, Chain Breaker
Ororon also functions exceptionally well in a Hyperbloom team on account of his Electro application
. However, this team can be a bit tricky to use as before you trigger the Dendro reactions, you'll need to make sure that the enemies are affected by Electro Charged.
This will help
activate Ororon's passive talent and thereby increase his damage
. Additionally, it will also help with triggering the buffs from the Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City artifact set.
Weapon choices remain the same as the Elemental Mastery buffs from Elegy of the End help with the Hyperbloom reactions. Alongside that, Favonius Warbow is pretty good since you need Ororon's Ultimate to be active at all times. Finally, you can also use the
Chain Breaker craftable bow from Natlan
as it provides a lot of ATK and Elemental Mastery, both of which synergize with Ororon's kit.
Ororon Artifact Priority
While Ororon uses the same artifact set in both builds,
the choice of stats will vary depending on how you want to use him
. Here's a rundown of the artifact stats you should be focusing on depending on your gameplan:
Electro-Charge Stat Priority
Artifact Type
Main Stat Priority
Sub Stat Priority
Flower
HP
Crit Rate > Crit DMG > Elemental Mastery
Feather
ATK
Crit Rate > Crit DMG > Elemental Mastery
Sands
ATK%
Crit Rate > Crit DMG > Energy Recharge
Goblet
Electro DMG Bonus
Crit Rate > Crit DMG > Energy Recharge
Circlet
Crit DMG
Crit Rate > Elemental Mastery > Energy Recharge
Hyperbloom Stat Priority
Artifact Type
Main Stat Priority
Sub Stat Priority
Flower
HP
Elemental Mastery > Energy Recharge
Feather
ATK
Elemental Mastery > Energy Recharge
Sands
Elemental Mastery
Energy Recharge > ATK%
Goblet
Elemental Mastery
Energy Recharge > ATK%
Circlet
Elemental Mastery
Energy Recharge > ATK%
Ororon is heavily reliant on his Ultimate ability and you must ensure that his Energy is back to full before a second rotation begins.
Ororon Talent Overview and Priority
Ororon's kit is a bit complicated
, so here's a rundown of what you should be doing to ensure you're making the most out of his abilities:
The key to Ororon's kit is his
passive Nightshade Synthesia.
This passive allows
Ororon to gain 40 Nightsoul points whenever someone in the team activates a Nightsoul Burst
.
Ororon also gains
5 Nightsoul points when a party member attacks an enemy with Electro or Hydro
. If someone
triggers an Electro-Charged reaction on an opponent
, Ororon
enters the Nighsoul Blessing state and also gains Hypersense
.
In this state,
his Electro DMG will have a 160 percent bonus multiplier that scales off his ATK stats
. So you need to make sure that you trigger the Electro-Charged reaction consistently when Ororon is in the party.
Ideally, you would want to trigger the necessary reactions, switch to Ororon, use abilities, and
trigger the Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City buff
.
After this, you can switch to your main DPS as their Elemental DMG bonus will be enhanced massively or restart the rotation.
When it comes to stat priority, here's how you should level up Ororon's abilities:
Elemental Skill > Elemental Burst
. The Normal Attack doesn't bring anything to his kit and you can ignore it completely.
Next
Geshin Impact: Best Builds For Chasca
It's elementary, my dear Ororon.
Posts
By
Rishov Mukherjee
Live-Service Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
24.7%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
20.1%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.7%
007 First Light
007 First Light
8.9%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.7%
Other
Other
22.0%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Jacksepticeye Will Keep Bloodborne Movie's Tone As Close To The Game As Possible
Prolific Actor Troy Baker Wants To Create His Own Game Studio
Fallout 76 Devs Have More Ideas Than They "Know What To Do With"