Mona Team Comp Guide - Genshin Impact
Mona in Genshin Impact
By
Rhenn Taguiam
Updated
Apr 4, 2022, 10:30 AM EDT
Rhenn is a Manila-based content writer with a love for all things geek and pop culture, and science and technology. He has
over 1,900 articles
to his name, most of which exploring the many dimensions of video games. Rhenn is well-versed in all things pop culture, taking his journalistic prowess to the next level as the editor-in-chief for Philippines-based
What's A Geek!
.
Rhenn is a seasoned player of
Dungeons & Dragons
and
World of Darkness
of 10+ years, with a couple hundred hours in
Baldur's Gate 3
,
World of Warcraft
, and
Valorant
.
Rhenn graduated
BA Journalism
degree as a
Cum Laude
, and has since then pursued making content about geek culture.
Sign in to your
GameRant
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Mona
Hydro
Catalyst
Mondstadt
Guides
Ascension
Builds
Weapons
Team Comp
Constellation
Player Mistakes
Back to All Characters
Mona prides herself on being one of the most skilled astrologists of her generation. While her bluntness certainly earned the ire of some of her acquaintances, no one can't deny Mona's sheer skill with magic. In
Genshin Impact
, Mona remains a fan favorite thanks to her mix-up and burst potential. Being a Hydro Catalyst, Mona excels in setting up opponents for devastating attacks through her various abilities. Her ever-flexible skillset allows Mona to navigate the battlefield quite easily - aiding allies and obliterating foes alike.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Every 4-Star Character, Ranked
Thanks to her elemental control, Mona can become an effective Support and DPS unit to any party in
Genshin Impact
. And
with the right build, Mona can augment her team's potential to devastate the battlefield
with a wide variety of AOE and utility spells.
Updated on April 4, 2022, by Rhenn Taguiam:
While Yae Miko added a new appeal to the Electro element in the 2.5 Update of Genshin Impact, fans of the Hydro element can look forward to Kamisato Ayato in the March 2022 2.6 Update. With the entrance of this new Hydro user, players may want to find out the best synergies for this new hero, and what better thing to do than to pair Ayato with another Hydro user like Mona, right? Before players experiment with Ayato and Mona’s Soothing Water (Resonance) potential, players may want to check out whether Mona’s abilities work with other characters, too!
Enter Mona
Mona leaping on ice
Given her toolkit and playstyle, Mona excels as a Secondary DPS or a Support role. This makes her quite the perfect partner for aggro-heavy parties as her bursts can make way for great setups or debilitating attacks on their own. Here is some notable information about Mona before deciding on her team compositions:
Notable Constellations
Mona loading an attack
As players would notice, Mona's Constellations can provide handy buffs that can excel her potential as both a Secondary DPS and a Support Role. Here are some ideal Constellations to prioritize to help Mona capitalize on her potential:
Prophecy of Submersion:
When Mona hits an enemy affected by an Omen, the damage for Electro-charge, Vaporize, and Hydro Swirl gets a 15-percent increase. Moreover, the duration for Frozen effects now gets a 15-percent increase. This makes the Constellation super ideal for Mona as a Support.
Lunar Chain:
After Mona lands a normal attack, there's a 20-percent chance that this attack will automatically get followed by a charged attack. This effect happens only once per five seconds, but enough for Mona to get a substantial boost in attack power.
Prophecy of Oblivion:
When Mona lands an Omen-afflicted enemy, they get a 15-percent boost to their Critical Rate. This becomes a godsend for Mona, whose reliance on quick-burst attacks can benefit from the Crit boost to land the killing blow.
Ideal Weapon
Mona opening her spellbook
When building Mona for a team,
her choice of weapon
can greatly affect her role in combat. Here are some ideal weapon choices depending on Mona's position and priority in the team:
The Widsith (Secondary DPS):
Mona going for the Secondary DPS role should use the Widsith. Whenever Mona takes the field, the Widsith gives her a theme song for 10 seconds, each with different buffs. Recitative gives a 60-percent attack increase, Aria gives a 40-percent elemental damage increase, while Interlude adds 240 to Elemental Mastery.
Skyward Atlas (Support):
Mona going for the Support should use the Skyward Atlas. Its 12-percent elemental damage increase gives Mona an offensive edge while helping her allies. However, the Atlas has an active attack component. The weapon possesses a 50-percent chance every 30 seconds to deal 160-percent attack damage to nearby enemies in bursts throughout a span of 15 seconds.
Ideal Artifact Set
Mona preparing a spell
Unlike weapons, Mona can
equip any of these ideal Artifact
sets depending on the benefits players need her to receive. Here are some considerations:
Heart of Depth:
With two items equipped, Mona gets a 15-percent Hydro Damage Bonus. Meanwhile, with four items equipped, Mona also gets a 50-percent attack damage boost for normal and charged attacks whenever Mona uses Elemental Skills.
Noblesse Oblige:
With two items equipped, Mona gets a 20-percent boost to Elemental Burst Damage. Meanwhile, four items equipped will give the entire party a 20-percent increase to Elemental Burst.
Which Team Composition To Use?
Mona in Genshin Impact
With Mona's elemental control, she can become a solid asset to use with other heavy-burst users. As a DPS specialist, Mona's stable Support and DPS components can fit a wide assortment of parties from balanced teams to aggro-heavy compositions. Here are some of the best compositions for Mona to pair with:
Xiangling, Amber, Barbara
Players who want to try a more synergized approach to Mona’s elemental potential might want to try pairing her with dual Elemental Resonances, such as with
Barbara
(Hydro),
Xiangling
(Pyro), and
Amber
(Pyro). Elements-wise, the twin Hydro, and Pyro synergies not only add damage but other buffs as well.
In terms of gameplay, Xiangling serves as the main DPS of the team with
Amber providing much-needed firepower
courtesy of her long-ranged attacks. Meanwhile, Mona’s spellcasting as a Hydro user can provide great burst damage, while Barbara’s healing can provide protection to the team.
Ganyu, Venti, Diona
Players who want to freeze enemies to submission while eliminating them with Mona’s freezing might want to try having her team up with
Ganyu
(Cryo),
Diona
(Cryo), and
Venti
(Cryo). At its core,
Ganyu becomes the core DPS
of the team, although from a long-range standpoint. This becomes extremely useful when the other team members come into the fray.
For instance, Venti can gather opponents for a good wreck with his abilities, with Ganyu and Diona improving Freezing potential with their synergies. Not to mention, Mona’s burst capabilities can eliminate enemies more often since they don’t have as much time to react compared to when fighting other teams.
Ayaka, Kazuha, Diona
Players who want to have a more secure experience when it comes to Mona’s burst potential might want a more balanced team in the form of
Ayaka
(Cryo),
Kazuha
(Anemo), and
Diona
(Cryo). With this lineup, the team can constantly Freeze opponents and leave them stunned for the players to eliminate without much fear of retaliation.
This is made possible thanks to
Ayaka’s nature as a sword user
, making her the primary DPS of the team with Mona acting as a burst support. In addition, Kazuha and Diona’s support capabilities can reinforce the party’s defense and allow them to be more playful in combat without repercussions.
Hu Tao, Sucrose, Diona
Players who want a more balanced team in terms of elements might want to try an element-inclined team composed of
Hu Tao
(Pyro),
Sucrose
(Anemo), and
Diona
(Cryo) when it comes to their lineup. With this in mind, Mona becomes the burst DPS backup to
Hu Tao that becomes the team’s primary DPS
.
In this same lineup, Sucrose and Diona become valuable support characters to the team. This time around, Sucrose is able to gather the enemies for fierce attacks while Diona can heal the party when needed.
Beidou, Fischl, Jean
Players who want a more offensive approach to Mona’s burst DPS skills might want a more offensive team composed of
Beidou
(Electro),
Fischl
(Electro), and
Jean
(Anemo). Thanks to Mona’s burst DPS, she becomes a support DPS to greatsword user Beidou, alongside Fischl who uses a bow and arrow for her ranged incursions.
Moreover, with Jean becoming a secondary tank to Beidou, this team easily becomes formidable when it comes to any kind of incursion. Beidou’s heavy attacks complement
Jean’s fast-paced attacks
. Moreover, Mona can provide constant burst support while Fischl keeps enemies away with ranged attacks.
Diluc, Bennett, Ganyu
Diluc, Bennett, Ganyu
Players who want to get a taste of Mona’s potential with her reactions will do great with
Diluc (Pyro), Bennett (Pyro), and Ganyu (Cryo).
At its core, this team would need Mona’s kit to proc various
elemental reaction chains
. This would begin with her own Hydro, followed by Cryo (from Ganyu), and finishing with powerful Pyro (from Diluc and Bennett).
With this build in mind, the frontline DPS Diluc would act more as a finisher. Players can use Diluc’s kit to proc Melt or Vaporize to maximize his damage output. Meanwhile, Ganyu’s kit can crowd control enemies with her Cryo attacks, leaving them wide open. Lastly, Bennett serves as a great buffer for the team, alongside the strong Pyro Resonance with Diluc.
Klee, Fischl, Qiqi
Klee, Fischl, Qiqi
Players who want Mona synergizing well with high-speed reactions will work well with
Klee (Pyro), Fischl (Electro), and Qiqi (Cryo).
With this team, Mona’s Vaporize procs well with Pyro DPS, especially Klee with her bombs.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Team Compositions For Zhongli
Meanwhile, the other team members can benefit from Mona’s synergies as well. For instance, Fischl can proc Overcharge that dishes out powerful damage with Mona and Klee’s combinations. Likewise, Qiqi can use her burst-heal-attack rotation to provide powerful healing, especially since this team can capitalize Qiqi’s elemental damage buffs. Qiqi as a support in this regard adds a ton of sustain to the team since both Mona and Klee have low defense.
Xingqiu, Klee, Bennett
Xingqiu, Klee, Bennett
Players who want to capitalize on Mona’s damage capabilities should try a team with
Xingqiu (Hydro), Klee (Pyro), and Bennett (Pyro).
This alone gives both Hydro and Pyro Resonance, giving Mona and the team quite a boost to their overall kit. However, while Klee seems like the more reasonable DPS due to her nature, Xingqiu actually shines in this build.
When used properly, Klee can help Xingqiu’s sub-DPS build to reach main DPS numbers. Thanks to Mona, synergies with Vaporize can also capitalize elemental bursts to reach higher damage numbers. This burst-reliant build can eliminate opponents quite quickly.
Tartaglia, Kaeya, Diona
Tartaglia, Kaeya, Diona
Players who want an alternate
take on double resonances
would want to try
Tartaglia (Hydro), Kaeya (Cryo), and Diona (Hydro).
This build alone will proc both Hydro and Cryo Resonance, increasing overall healing and CRIT Rate against enemies.
Tartaglia and Kaeya work together greatly as Kaeya’s powerful Cryo burst receives buffs from Tartaglia’s quick Hydro procs. Meanwhile, Mona and Diona’s combination can freeze a lot of enemies when necessary, leaving them wide open for powerful crowd control attacks. Thanks to this build, players can expect high-speed, AOE-intensive maneuvering.
Klee, Sucrose, Diona
Klee, Sucrose, Diona
Players who want to capitalize on Mona’s high damage potential should try a team with
Klee (Pyro), Sucrose (Anemo), and Diona (Cryo).
Mona’s tandem with Klee can proc Vaporize much faster, dishing out more damage than expected.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: The Best Team Compositions For Venti
Meanwhile, Sucrose’s crowd control mastery can cluster enemies together to ensure Klee can maximize her bomb’s damage output. And when necessary, Diona can provide enough heals and shielding to Klee to ensure her survivability in combat. Thanks to Klee’s DPS potential, Mona can shine in terms of support and even increase her DMG output to reach sub-DPS levels.
Klee, Venti, Zhongli
Klee, Venti, Zhongli
Players who want a relatively stable Mona team will need
Klee (Pyro), Venti (Anemo), and Zhongli (Geo).
Klee may serve as the team’s main DPS as her bombs can benefit from Mona’s Vaporize procs. Meanwhile, Zhongli’s
stable defense as a Geo user
can ensure survivability across the board for the team.
This setup works well with Venti, who can pull enemies for devastating crowd control effects. Thanks to Mona’s sub-DPS damage levels, Klee can easily obliterate foes with enough bombs courtesy of her high-powered kit.
Klee, Bennett, Sucrose
Klee, Bennett, Sucrose
Players who want a high-powered Mona build can capitalize on
Klee (Pyro), Bennett (Pyro), and Sucrose (Anemo).
With this build, Klee and Bennett will immediately receive benefits from their Pyro Resonance. Moreover, the team can get a great buff to offense thanks to Bennett’s primary support toolkit. To top it all off, Mona’s easy Vaporize procs can set up Klee to become a powerful DPS with devastatingly-high DMG numbers.
Meanwhile, Sucrose’s presence will ensure that the party gets decent crowd control whenever necessary. Sucrose’s pulls can guarantee easy pickings for Klee’s bombs. Likewise, Bennett’s support can give the team handy survivability in long encounters.
Genshin Impact
was released in 2020 and is playable on PC, PS4, Android, and iOS.
Strategy Guides
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which recently released Nintendo cozy game do you prefer?
Pokemon Pokopia
Pokemon Pokopia
56.7%
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream
43.3%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Peter Molyneux Comments on Controversial Fable Reboot Change
Pokemon Winds and Waves Leak Points to the Biggest Region Yet
One Piece Is Giving Fans Its Best Arc In Elbaph — Here's Why