Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Mona Build Guide
By
alext96
-
December 27, 2020
0
Contents
Overview of Mona’s kit
Mona is a well-known character in Genshin that is best known for being damage support because she gives you the ability to increase your damage against enemies.
In general, Mona has an exciting kit. She has hydro damage and a decent charge attack. Mona has low hits when she is making chain attacks. Mona is more in the game as a reactive character.
Mona’s e-ability is nice because it does 40% of her attack on the actual dot effect in the area and then explodes for 166% of her attacks.
In general, her attack is alright, but it’s not the best option because you won’t get a ton out of her attack. The big thing you’re going to be using for Mona is her ultimate.
Mona’s ultimate does 553% of her attack, and it scales heavily per level. You get a decent chunk per level; the damage bonuses will increase per level. Mona’s cooldown is 15 seconds, which is the time frame you’ll want to get your ultimate in.
There’s nothing in Mona’s kit that allows her to get more energy recharge. However, she does have something that allows her to get an extra hydro damage bonus. This allows her to increase damage by a degree equivalent to 20% of her Energy recharge rate. This is a key part of her kit. Any recharge you get for Mona is exceptional. You don’t need to go all-in for energy recharge; you can mix and match.
Sets
Noblesse Oblige
For endgame purposes, you’ll want to use this set. The Noblesse Oblige is a 4-Piece Set Bonus and the strongest support set. This set is aimed towards characters with Elemental Bursts that continue after being swapped out. This set releases an elemental burst that gives your entire party a 20% attack for 12 seconds. This aspect makes Mona very strong all-in-one support. With Noblesse oblige, you can go with attack rolls, energy recharge rate, hydro damage, etc. Overall, it’s a strong endgame build.
Exile
In general, the exile set works well for earlier levels. In this set, you only get 4% hydro damage if you have a 2-piece set. If you choose a 4-piece set, you can give your entire party energy recharge when you use an exile ultimate. You can use elemental reactions from characters and get large amounts of damage. If you use a reaction from Venti, you can get a 15% energy increase. You can use Venti to chain up Fischl’s ultimate or Beidou’s ultimate. You can use this to get an infinite reaction to build on their team. It’s suggested to use this set until you’re able to access Noblesse Oblige.
Wanderer’s troupe
In general, the Wanderer’s troupe is a great support set. The Wanderers troupe can increase elemental mastery, and it can also increase damage output. However, exile would probably still be a better option due to its potential for energy recharge.
Scholar set
The Scholar set can be useful if you’re looking to enhance your energy recharge rate. However, it does have a strict Bow or catalyst requirement. It’s not necessarily worth it to switch to this from the exile set.
5-star weapons
Skyward atlas
The Skyward atlas is a 5-star weapon that increases elemental damage bonus by up to 24%. This weapon allows you to give a burst hit. Also, normal attack hits have a 50% chance to earn the favor of the clouds. Since this is a 5-star weapon, there’s no doubt it would be an asset.
Lost prayer the sacred winds:
The Lost Prayer to the Sacred Winds is another 5-star weapon. This is an interesting weapon because you can use 10% MS, and Mona is already the fastest possible character in the game. This MS increase will help you do better dodges, which are one of Mona’s issues in her kit because she does not have a great eye frame. When in battle, you can get a 6-14% elemental damage bonus every 4 seconds. It takes a total of 8 seconds to be better than the Skyward atlas.
4 Star Weapons
Widsith
The widsith is a
4-star
weapon, and it is another interesting option. This gives you an RNG buff based on attack, elemental mastery, or elemental damage. Because it has CRIT damage on it, it’s not the best build because Mona has a base group at 5%. The Widsith is okay.
Solar Pear
This is a very good option for Mona. You only need one auto-attack to boost the total amount of damage for elemental burst. This is a pay-to-play weapon; you can get it for $10 if you do the battle pass.
Mappa mare
The Mappa mare is free-to-play, so it’s a good option if you do not want to spend money. Increases elemental reaction and has an elemental damage bonus of 8-16% for 10 seconds. This will be a strong weapon if you’re going to be triggering elemental reactions. It’s not the best, but it’s a safe option.
Favonius codex
This is one of the better options because it is a strong weapon if you’re getting energy recharge. You get a 20% recharge, which is transferred into your hydro damage. You get energy recharge on the weapon; however, it’s not necessary; you can always use another weapon to use this.
Eye of perception
Energy perception is alright because it gives energy burst it or extra damage. Specifically, normal and charged attacks have a 50% chance to fire a Bolt of perception, which deals 240-360% attack damage. It is not the top-recommended but, again, a safe choice.
3 Star Weapons
Magic guide
The magic guide is one of the best options for 3-star weapons. The magic guide works pretty well because it gives a 24% damage bonus. If you do not want to invest too much, this is the best possible option.
Amber catalyst
This is an okay option. The normal attack hits increase all elemental damage by 6-12%. In general, the magic guide is a better option.
Previous article
Genshin Impact: Diluc Build Guide
Next article
Azur Lane How To Get Amagi – Amagi Guide
alext96