Mona Genshin Impact Guide: Gameplay, Best Build, Ascension Materials
Harsha
-
Aug 09, 2021
|
Mobile Games
Mona Megistus is an astrologist of great skill and equally great pride. Here's how you can make the best out of her.
Xiao Genshin Impact Gameplay, Details, And Best Build
Genshin Impact Lost Riches Special Treasure Event Details
How To Get Venti Genshin Impact 2021: Ultimate Guide To The Best Character In The Game
Mona is a mysterious and unique astrologist who claims to be "Astrologist Mona Megistus” and she has the skills that match her title. In Genshin Impact, while others practicing the craft are all in for the profit, she instead enjoys a prudent life and vows to never use astrology to make money.
As a 5-star hydro character, she has been on the hunt among players for her versatile roles. Our
Mona Genshin Impact
guide
will lead you through her gameplay, best build, ascension materials, and more.
Table of Contents
Mona Skills (Talents)
Mona Genshin Impact Gameplay
Best Build For Mona
Mona Ascension Materials
A playable 5-star Hydro character - Mona Megistus.
Mona Skills (Talents)
1. Normal Attack: Ripple of Fate
While her normal can deal up to four water splash attacks, Mona's charged attack can consume a specific Stamina amount to deal AoE Hydro DMG post a short time of casting. Meanwhile, Mona's plunging attack can gather the Hydro might as she plunges from mid-air to the ground, destroying all enemies along the path.
2. Elemental Skill: Mirror Reflection of Doom
Mona’s Elemental Skill makes up a delusory Phantom of Fate from combined waterspouts.
The Astrologist can be insanely useful in the matches.
3. Elemental Burst: Stellaris Phantasm
Mona Genshin Impact has the ability to summon sparkling waves and a starry sky reflection, embedding the status of Illusory Bubble to the enemies in a massive AoE.
4. Passive Talents
Come 'n' Get Me, Hag!
Waterborne Destiny
Principium of Astrology
The Elemental Burst of Mona in Genshin Impact is extremely powerful.
Mona Genshin Impact Gameplay
Apart from handling powerful effects, what can
Genshin Impact Mona
do as a Hydro character?
1. Boost Elemental Reaction Damage
Mona's main focus is the ability to amplify Elemental DMG drastically with her Burst. It can place debuff bubbles on opponents. Triggering Vaporize or Melt using the Hydro explosion will also give off lots of damage.
2. Decoy and Dash
Combining her Elemental Skill and unique dash, players can have quick emergency escapes. The skill would leave a decoy behind that can taunt enemies nearby. Making use of the hold version can teleport her instantly back upon cast.
Watch Mona Genshin Impact trailer to know more about her.
3. Sprint Across Water
Different from other characters, Genshin Impact Mona can dash across the water surface which makes traversing a lot easier. Though its duration is not longer than that of a normal Dash, it is an ample amount to smoothly cross almost all rivers.
However, Monna cannot begin Dashing in the water, so make sure to start when she is on land. Do not let her run out of stamina as she will drown when that happens.
4. Craft Ascension Materials
Her passive talent can refund 25 percent of the used materials when creating Ascension Materials. This permits players to save time on looking for rare components. Therefore, make sure to choose Mona when you craft these items.
New Character Demo - "Mona: Fate and Destiny" | Mona Genshin Impact Trailer
Best Build For Mona
Mona can excel in the role of a support or sub DPS in
Genshin Impact
. That is why we will include suitable artifacts and weapons for both choices so players can opt for whichever way they like.
1. Best Weapon
If you want to use her as a supporter,
Skyward Atlas
is the best weapon for Mona. It may amplify the Elemental DMG bonus by 12 percent and seek out opponents close by to attack for 15 seconds. Another option for Mona's best weapon in this case is
Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers
.
In case you would go for sub DPS, The Widsith should do.
Skyward Atlas
2. Best Artifact Set
Mona’s best build is not complete without the
Noblesse Oblige
. This artifact set works perfectly for whichever build you select for Mona. You may equip a full set or even only two in case there are not enough of them.
On another hand,
Heart of Depth
can be the alternative as it will equip a considerable boost to your hydro damage if something is needed in the meantime.
Meanwhile, Noblesse Oblige is the best artifact set for this character.
3. Best Team
There are questions regarding whether Mona is one of the
Genshin Impact Healers
. However, as mentioned above, she is most ideal for the support or sub DPS role.
As a Hydro Catalyst, Mona plays as one of the best options for any Hydro elemental reaction team build. Although the character is damage-oriented, she can provide support by boosting the damage dealt with foes by her Elemental Burst. Here we also have the
best Mona Genshin Impact team
divided into two categories:
Premium team:
Damage/Support: Mona,
Ganyu
Damage: Diluc
Support/Heal:
Bennett
Free-to-play Friendly Team:
Damage/Support: Mona
Damage:
Xiangling
, Amber
Support: Barbara
Briefly, Bennett or Diluc is the most recommended to pair up with Mona so that players can trigger vaporize.
It's better for Mona Genshin Impact team to have Diluc or Bennett.
Mona Ascension Materials
These are the required materials for the ascension of Mona. Each level will need a higher number of components.
Varunada Lazurite Sliver: can be collected as a reward after beating Oceanid and Dvalin, the Stormterror.
Varunada Lazurite Chunk: can be acquired by defeating Lv. 60 Oceanid.
Cleansing Heart: Beat Lv. 30+ Oceanids and you will have it.
Philanemo Mushroom: can be seen growing on the roofs and walls of houses in Mondstadt.
Whopperflower Nectar: can be extracted from the stamen of Whopperflowers, Pyro Whopperflower, and Cryo Whopperflower.
Shimmering Nectar: can be collected by beating Lv. 40+ whopperflowers.
Energy Nectar: dropped by Lv.60+ Whopperflowers, can be found in locations like Mondstadt’s Easternmost part.
Mona ascension materials
There you have everything you need to know about Mona. Stay updated with the latest news and guide on
Gurugamer.com
!
>>> Related post:
Genshin Impact Lumine: Everything To Know About Her Best Build, Skills, & More
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
#Genshin Impact Guide
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025