Mona is a 5-star Catalyst user who is rerunning on the newest version 6.0 banners. With her Hydro capabilities, she performs as the perfect Support or Sub-DPS for your teams. Her Elemental Skills provide some great AOE and Critical rates for on-field battle, but Mona is best known for the buffs her Bursts provide. Here’s how to create the best builds for Mona for Genshin Impact’s version 6.0.
Table of Contents
💭
Who is Mona?
🏹
The Best Weapons for Mona
🏺
The Best Artifacts for Mona
👥
The Best Team Comps for Mona
💭Who is Mona?
Mona is a powerful Hydro Catalyst with some amazing Elemental power. Her Elemental Burst gives her teammates some of the best buffs, which scale alongside her Talent level, which can be increased. Besides being a Support, though, her Critical Rates and damage are exceptionally strong, with her AOE attacks providing great crowd control, utilizing her Burst’s duration and Freeze capabilities.
Some minor downsides to Mona’s playstyle are simple considerations that may take some getting used to. For example, Mona’s alternate sprint ability may feel a little strange at first. She is also incredibly reliant on her Elemental Bursts to get the most damage and buffs out, so you need to build around that.
🏹The Best Weapons for Mona
With Mona’s already strong Elemental Bursts and Attack power, the best weapons will help her utilize her special abilities more often. Additionally, her weapons will further enhance her overall Critical Rate and damage, which can prove lethal. Skyward Atlas is a great example of this, as it will increase Mona’s Elemental damage along with her regular Attack stat. Want to upgrade a character in Genshin Impact, but don’t have the right materials or items to complete your build? On
U7BUY
, we have every item you could need available now!
🏺The Best Artifacts for Mona
When it comes to Mona’s Artifacts, similar to our weapon choices, the best ones buff her Elemental Recharge and Burst damage. This will help make her iconic Bursts occur more often while becoming more lethal than ever! Both the Emblem of Severed Fate and Noblesse Oblige 4-PC builds are the perfect fits for Mona. Both builds provide ample Elemental Attack boosts, with Emblem of Severed Fate giving extra Energy Recharge to help with cooldowns.
👥The Best Team Comps for Mona
Since Mona gives a strong buff to her teammates’ damage through her Elemental Burst, she is very versatile and to join almost any team. She’s especially useful for Freeze teams, as the Freeze reaction is known for giving slow and low amounts of damage over time. This leaves Freeze crying out for any damage buffs it can get, making Mona a perfect Support for that role. Mona is also great for DPS-heavy teams if you’re looking to pack a heavy punch, especially with characters who launch out lots of Elemental Bursts too.
Related