Task Search
Checklists
Guides
Markers
Videos
Sort and Filter
No Results
Checklists
New Checklist
All Lists
My Checklists
All
All Lists
My Checklists
How creative can you get with your first free checklist?
Create a free account
All Interactive Maps and Locations
Genshin Impact Sethos Build Guide - Best Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
By
Cedric Pabriga
,
Jen Rothery
,
Triforce
,
+30 more
Updated
:
Jun 6, 2024 6:13pm UTC
Sethos is a new character from the western sandy regions of Sumeru, taking the role of the heir to the Temple of Silence. He arrives with the unique ability to play two distinct playstyles. This guide to the best Genshin Impact Sethos build will explain the best weapons, artifact sets, constellations, and team compositions for Sethos.
Sethos
Rarity:
★★★★
Element:
Electro
Weapon:
Bow
Table of Contents:
How to Get Sethos
Sethos Gameplay Overview
Sethos Talents and Attack Combos
Sethos Constellation Analysis
Sethos's Best Weapons
Sethos's Best Artifacts
Sethos's Best Teams
How to Get Sethos in Genshin Impact
Sethos is a 4-star character, meaning he can be acquired on featured banners at an increased rate, but also on any banner after his debut at a low chance.
Genshin Sethos Gameplay Overview
Element:
Electro
Weapon:
Bow
Rarity:
4-star
Sethos is an on-field Electro DPS focused on maximizing Aimed Shot and Normal Attack damage, all of which is considered as Charged Attack DMG in their ideal forms. He is strange in the sense that he has two distinct play patterns: use his Burst to enhance his Normal Attacks, or commit to a rapid-fire Aimed Shot playstyle.
His field time is relatively short compared to other on-field DPS’s, making him good for quickswap teams. Additionally, he is one of the cheapest characters to build in the game, utilizing a 3-star weapon and an artifact set that you can acquire from nearly every boss battle, in addition to not requiring limited 5-star characters as teammates to succeed.
This comes at a drawback, though: Sethos really only has one viable team in the form of Quicken/Aggravate teams. He requires Electro, Dendro, and Anemo teammates to function, and there isn’t much room for innovation elsewhere.
Fortunately, Sethos does not require you to build Energy Recharge if provided with Fischl, potentially another Electro teammate, and/or teammates equipping Favonius weapons. Even when not using his Burst, his special Aimed Shots will also consume energy, so it’s best to keep him well-fed.
For more information on elemental reactions, check out the comprehensive guide
here
.
Sethos mainly needs to focus on CRIT stats and Elemental Mastery stats, which is par for the course considering characters like Keqing and Cyno who fill similar team roles in the same element. Sethos has access to many great 4-star teammates that have been in the game since the beginning, or have been handed out for free at least once, like Fischl, Sucrose, and Dendro Traveler, so giving Sethos a home in a team is quite easy. Whether his damage is sufficient for clearing Spiral Abyss is yet to be seen, however.
Stats Worth Consideration
Elemental Mastery
: Much of Sethos’s scaling depends on this stat.
Energy Recharge
: Sethos needs a lot of energy if Fischl isn’t on your team. He desperately wants multiple Electro teammates or characters wielding Favonius weapons in order to fuel his special Aimed Shots and Elemental Burst. If you can provide Sethos with the teammates he needs, you can neglect this stat almost entirely.
Electro DMG%:
DMG% should almost always be the Goblet of choice for DPS units.
CRIT Rate or CRIT DMG:
For nearly every DPS character, CRIT is the most important stat to build on the circlet and substats.
For any character devoted to building damage, it is important to prioritize a 1-to-2 ratio between CRIT Rate and CRIT DMG. 1-3 ratios, while they may give dopamine through bigger Crit numbers, is actually less damage overall. Aim for 75;150 in most cases!
Genshin Sethos’s Talents
Your talent-levelling priority should be Normal Attack and/or Burst first, with his Skill being the lowest priority.
Normal Attack:
Royal Reed Archery
Basic Normal Attacks; nothing special here, until we talk about the Aimed Shots. All bow-users have an elemental Aimed Shot that deals damage according to their element, but if you draw Sethos’s bow a bit longer, it becomes a special Aimed Shot that can pierce through enemies, potentially hitting multiple targets and dealing more damage, which scales additionally from his Elemental Mastery.
This will be a valuable part of his kit, since you’ll either be using Normal Attacks or Aimed Shots a lot with him, so prioritize this.
Elemental Skill:
Ancient Rite: The Thundering Sands
Using Sethos’s Skill allows him to deal damage, dash back, and potentially recover 12 energy if the Skill triggers an Electro-based elemental reaction.
The multipliers for this talent are low, and you don’t gain more energy the more you level this talent, so it’s not worth your priority for investment.
Elemental Burst:
Secret Rite: Twilight Shadowpiercer
The Burst puts Sethos in a special stance that deactivates his ability to use Aimed Shots temporarily in exchange for enhancing Normal Attacks with an additive buff based on his Elemental Mastery stat. These enhanced Normal Attacks can also pierce through enemies, potentially hitting multiple per hit. Special attacks from this talent are counted as Charged Attack damage, which gives incentive to build for Charged Attack damage above other stats whenever possible.The additive damage buff is pretty important to Sethos’s damage, so you should be leveling this in tandem with the Normal Attack talent.
Sethos
Passives
Next, come his passives.
His first ascension passive makes his special Aimed Shots fire up to 0.3s faster by consuming up to 20 energy from his energy tank. This makes energy still a valuable resource even if he doesn’t use his Burst. Regular elemental shots only consume 50% of that energy.
Sethos's fourth ascension passive gives an additive damage bonus to his special Aimed Shots based on 700% of his Elemental Mastery, which ends for 15s after either four special Aimed Shots have been used or 5s have elapsed since a special Aimed Shot. This incentivizes the player to use all of Sethos’s Aimed Shots in a row.
Finally, his exploration passive identifies Sumeru specialties on the map.
Sethos
On-Field Commands
Sethos’s field time should be executed as such if using his Normal Attack Playstyle:
Sethos Skill
Sethos Burst right away to catch the Skill particles
Two Normal Attacks
Take a step forward, dash, or jump to cancel his attack string
Repeat the last two steps five additional times
Swap out to other characters.
For the Charged Attack playstyle:
Sethos Skill
Four special Aimed Shots
Sethos Skill again, if it’s available
Swap out to other characters.
Genshin Sethos Constellation Analysis
Sethos is a 4-star unit, which means he wants his constellations more than other characters, but luckily his best constellations are in his first few, while the later constellations leave a bit to be desired. Don’t worry about maxing his constellations right away.
Constellation Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
C1. Sealed Shrine's Spiritsong
Special Aimed Shot CRIT Rate +15%
CRIT Rate is one of the most coveted stats, as it is one of the hardest to acquire, so 15% on a first constellation is massive if you choose to play with aimed shots.
C2. Papyrus Scripture of Silent Secrets
Gain a stack of 15% Electro DMG Bonus (max 2) for 10s when Sethos uses his Burst, consumes energy with a special Aimed Shot, or regains energy through his passive.
30% Electro DMG Bonus is quite decent, about 2/3 of the way to having a second Electro Goblet, and most of these things you’re doing anyways.
C3. Ode to the Moonrise Sage
Increase Normal Attack talent level by 3.
Sethos’s Normal Attack multipliers aren’t really the main source of his damage. His passives generate much more of his damage potential, so while he does focus on Normal Attacks, this is not really impressive.
C4. Beneficent Plumage
Special Aimed Shots and Normal Attacks grant a +80 EM bonus for the team for 10s when multiple enemies are hit at once.
Kind of a minimal buff, honestly, especially since his teams want a lot more EM to maximize Aggravate damage. The restriction on this constellation makes it far worse.
C5. Record of the Desolate God's Burning Sands
Increases Burst talent level by 3.
Increases the additive damage bonus on Sethos’s enhanced Normal Attacks while in Burst Stance, which is a primary source of damage. It’s about a 25% multiplier increase if you’re going from Talent 9-12, but this is much less of an improvement when you consider the entire kit and team DPS. It’s good, but not great.
C6. Pylon of the Sojourning Sun Temple
Once every 15s, fully refunds the energy consumed by Sethos’s special Aimed Shot
Note that this doesn’t refund all the Aimed Shots in a rotation, so this C6 isn’t as great as one might think, but any amount of energy support is highly desired for Sethos to keep his needs low in nearly all circumstances.
Genshin Sethos's Best Weapons
Sethos’s best weapon, funnily enough, is a 3-star weapon! You could, in theory, use Tighnari’s signature weapon Hunter’s Path, but even then, the buffs are comparable for Sethos’s needs. Use Hunter’s Path only if you’re dead set on using Aimed Shots from a long range. Open some chests and use Slingshot in every other case.
Weapon Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
R5  Slingshot
31.2% CRIT Rate
If a Normal or Charged Attack hits a target within 0.3s of being fired, increases DMG by 60%. Otherwise, decreases DMG by 10%.
Best-in-Slot and 3-Star
Outperforms nearly every other bow possible as long as you’re in fairly close range. The accessibility of this weapon is amazing, even if you’ve just started the game, so there’s no reason not to just slap this on Sethos and go to town. This plus his artifact set makes him one of the most budget-friendly for gear in the entire game.
Genshin Sethos's Best Artifacts
Sands
– EM (Or ER% if you aren’t teaming up with Fischl)
Goblet
– Electro DMG Bonus
Circlet
– CRIT
Sethos has only one valid artifact set, but luckily you get them from almost every boss fight and the set’s been in the game since Genshin Impact’s launch, so you probably have a solid set laying around already!
Artifact Set Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
4pc Wanderer’s Troupe
2pc: +80 EM.
4pc: Bow and Catalyst users have +35% Charged Attack DMG
Best Overall Option
Sethos’s best overall set, as no matter what playstyle you play with Sethos, the Troupe buffs everything he does unconditionally due to even his Normal Attacks in his Burst stance count as Charged Attack damage.
Genshin Sethos's Best and Only Team: Quicken/Aggravate
Aggravate teams take advantage of the Quicken status that can be put on enemies when Dendro and Electro collide, which offers flat damage bonuses to every instance of Electro or Dendro application on hits.
Fischl is almost non-negotiable as a teammate for him. She provides so much energy and off-field damage that any team he has is significantly worse without her. Following that, you’ll want an Anemo character to shred enemy Electro resistances. Finally, you’ll use your flex slot for a Dendro character, depending on what is on your account and what you need based on your previous teammate choices. Your healer can be Anemo or Dendro, depending on who you have in your account.
Guide Character
Fischl
Anemo
Dendro
Specific Teammate Choices
Teammate Choices
Character Name
Notes
Character Name
Notes
Kirara
Dendro Shielder
Often wields a Favonius weapon
Just enough Dendro application not to interfere with Anemo swirls
Decent shield for protecting characters who have to stand in one place.
Yaoyao
Dendro Healer
Great healing for a 4-star
Good and consistent Dendro application
Can function well in teams with short rotations, especially Quicken teams
Fischl
Off-Field Electro DPS
C6 Recommended
Works well with basically anyone
Exceptional Off-Field DMG
Minimal field time required
Consistent Application
Excellent energy particle generation
Accessible via Paimon's Bargains
Nahida
Off-Field Dendro Support
Best Dendro Application in the game
Long-lasting Skill duration (25s)
Buffs the team’s Elemental Mastery
Impressive damage on top of her support capabilities.
Baizhu
Off-Field Dendro Support
Excellent healing capabilities
Short Skill cooldown
Applies just enough Dendro for Quicken/Aggravate teams.
Fragile, but regenerating shields provide interruption resistance.
Dendro MC
Off-Field Dendro Support
100% free and accessible from beginning of the game
Consistent Dendro Application
Often wields a Favonius weapon
Buffs party Elemental Mastery
Kazuha
Anemo (De+)Buffer
Universally loved Anemo support
Excellent crowd control with held Skill
Usually wields Favonius or Xiphos’ Moonlight for team energy needs
Massive buffs to elements based on Kazuha’s Elemental Mastery stat
Debuffs elemental resistances with Viridescent Venerer
Sucrose
Anemo (De+)Buffer
Strongest 4-star Anemo support
Decent enemy grouping with Skill
Generates lots of energy through her Skill and potential weapons
Shares 25% of her Elemental Mastery with the team to improve reactions
Available since the start of the game
Sayu
Anemo (De)Buffer + Healer
Great at closing gaps with her Skill
Often carries a Favonius weapon
Good healing on a 4-star character
Jean
Anemo (De)Buffer + Healer
Standard Banner 5-star, making her accessible
Well-rounded in utility and damage
Great healing and role consolidation
Often carries a Favonius weapon
Synergizes with Bennett to constantly apply Pyro
Up Next:
Genshin Impact Clorinde Build Guide - Best Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
Previous
Genshin Impact Sigewinne Build Guide - Best Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
Next
Genshin Impact Clorinde Build Guide - Best Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
Top Guide Sections
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna IV Release Time and Details
Genshin Impact Luna III Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna II Release Date and Details
Was this guide helpful?
Leave feedback
In This Guide
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Initial Release:
Sep 27, 2020
+2
Learn more
Go to comments