esports
Genshin Impact
Guides
Mobile Games
PC Games
Best Team Composition for Nahida in Genshin Impact
Sundar
-
November 11, 2022
0
Are you looking for the best team composition for Nahida in Genshin Impact? Then here are the best Nahida team build in Genshin Impact.
Nahida is a catalyst character released in Genshin Impact 3.2 version update. Nahida is a 5-star Dendro catalyst user that was added to Genshin Impact in the 3.2 first half. Nahida is one of the most powerful dendro characters which can help travelers to complete the game easily.
As Nahida is herself a powerful Dendro Catalyst character, now let’s see the best team composition and other dendro characters that can be added to Nahida team in Genshin Impact.
Best Team Composition for Nahida in Genshin Impact
Here are the best team composition for the five-star dendro Nahida in Genshin Impact, you may employ all these characters that can go well with Nahida.
Quicken
Quicken is the first team that you can consider for Nahida. The quicken team can be comprised of Beidou, Yae Miko, Kazuha, and Fischl along with Nahida. All of these characters from the quicken team are capable of inflicting severe damage, especially since they are all so good at bringing out the quicken elemental reactions.
Nahida herself is a dendro character while the other characters will bring in their own abilities, elemental burst, electro DMG and more to form the best team composition. While Nahida excels in dendro, Kazuha will be the anemo sub DPS and Fischl is a great supporting DPS character and her elemental skills are a great addition for this Nahida team composition.
Nilou Bloom
Nilou team is one of the best team compositions and builds for Nahida. The Nilou team blends both hydro and dendro characters. Nahida along with any of Sangonomiya Kokomi, Kaedehara Kazuha, Nilou, or Xingqiu will go well for this team composition. Especially the combo of Nahida and Nilou will work wonders.
Nahida helps with dendro, while Kokomi heals if there is any damage, Xingqiu again reduces the damage incurred with his hydro skill. Most of the travelers have always preferred the Nilou team composition and build as the best one to go with Nahida, as the success rate is high for this Nahida team composition in Genshin Impact.
Nahida + Nilou Team Genshin Impact
Hyper Bloom
Another electrifying team composition for Nahida has to be this Hyper Bloom team build. Once again Nahida scores well with her dendro elemental skill and burst, then Kazuha acts as her confidante with his anemo elemental skill. Kokomi comes in as a handy character with bloom reactions and go with Fischl for Hyper Bloom finally.
If you are not confident enough to proceed with Kokomi, then Yelan can be a valuable addition with her hydro skill and  elemental burst and she’s also so good with her DPS powers. Overall a powerful team combination for Nahida that the travelers may use for  some of the toughest Genshin Impact battles.
Yelan + Raiden Shogun + Xingqiu
This trio with Nahida is an explosion in the game. Nahida, with her dendro elements and attacking abilities, will go well with these characters. Raiden Shogun brings in her electro DMG, elemental skills and burst while Yelan brings her hydro skill and can be used as sub DPS unit on field and finally the Xingqiu brings his hydro elemental skill to make this Nahida team composition so lethal and menacing in the Spiral Abyss.
Nahida Gameplay
Sangonomiya Kokomi + Dendro MC + Raiden Shogun
This trio along with Nahida will create an instant impact for Genshin Impact players. Nahida and Dendro MC bring out their dendro elements and attacks, while Nahida also servers as the on-field sub DPS. Raiden Shogun showcases her electro powers and also triggers the hyper bloom reaction. Kokomi is a hydro catalyst user and she brings her healing abilities to save your team from getting more damage.
Besides being a healer, Sangonomiya Kokomi also bursts out her elemental skills and DPS powers. This team composition for Nahida is rarely used, but travelers can explore and experiment this team build for Nahida. With better builds and rotations this will end up as one of the best team for Nahida in Genshin Impact.  You can also include the other best DPS which are available with best stats.
Childe + Kazuha + Beidou
Kazuha and Childe have always been the best combination in Genshin Impact, the duo along with Beidou for support with Nahida will be an incredible team build combination in Genshin Impact. Nahida supports as the dendro character by being the buffer and Sub-DPS while Childe will bring in his hydro elemental skills and melee abilities. And the trio together can create an instant impact for every attack.
While Beidou showcases her electro claymore skills and Kazuha will be the on-field sub DPS with his Anemo Elemental skills.This team composition for Nahida is an underrated one and most of the travelers haven’t explored this team combination for Nahida yet in the game.
All the best team composition, combination and team build for Nahida in Genshin Impact have been listed here. Nahida herself is a powerful Dendro Catalyst character in the game and other characters can have great synergy and have the potential to bring amazing results.
For more related content check out our dedicated website
Gamition
.
More E-Sports news:
A Plague Tale Requiem – 10 Things You Should Know
Mario + Rabbids Spark of Hope – Release Date, Trailer, Gameplay, and more
How to Beat Buck in Cyberpunk 2077 – Beat on the Brat Arroyo
Follow our dedicated
E-Sports
page for instant E-Sports news and updates
TAGS
Genshin Impact
Previous article
LeBron James injury update: Abductor strain ensures Lakers star misses Kings game
Next article
Michael Chandler 2022 – Net Worth, Salary, Records and Endorsements
Sundar
Write, Play, Eat, Sleep and Repeat! Nothing more than that to say. Writing has always been my passion and hobby. I love to write and explore complex Sports topics. Nascar, F1 and NBA are my cup of tea. I also write guides, tips and strategies for challenging online games.