Task Search
Checklists
Guides
Markers
Videos
Sort and Filter
No Results
Checklists
New Checklist
All Lists
My Checklists
All
All Lists
My Checklists
How creative can you get with your first free checklist?
Create a free account
All Interactive Maps and Locations
Genshin Nahida Build and Best Teams
By
Cedric Pabriga
,
Jen Rothery
,
Triforce
,
+30 more
Updated
:
Apr 12, 2023 3:32pm UTC
Looking for advice on the
best Genshin Impact Nahida build and teams
? The
five-star Dendro catalyst
character Nahida, otherwise known as Lesser Lord Kusanali, is already one of the most beloved characters in the game, owing to her part in the Archon Quest storyline so far. She was introduced as a playable character during the first banner of
version 3.2,
and features on a rerun in
Version 3.6
. Below, you'll find details of the best talents, weapons, artifacts, and teammates for Nahida.
Table of Contents
Best Build
Best Team Composition
Best Weapons
Best Artifacts
Nahida
Rarity:
★★★★★
Guides
Element:
Dendro
Nahida Banner and Abilities
Weapon:
Catalyst
Nahida Build Guide
Nahida Ascension Materials
Best Genshin Nahida Build
Best Nahida Build: Summary
Weapon:
A Thousand Floating Dreams
OR
Sacrificial Fragments
Artifacts:
Deepwood Memories 4pc
OR
Gilded Dreams 4pc
Sands:
Elemental Mastery
Goblet:
Elemental Mastery
OR
Dendro DMG% (if using EM weapon)
Circlet:
Elemental Mastery
OR
CRIT (if using EM weapon)
Nahida needs between 130% and 160% Energy Recharge. On-field Nahida tends closer to 130%.
Nahida is a Dendro DPS that will fulfill nearly all of your Dendro application needs, whether she is played on-field or off-field. Her Elemental Skill damages and applies Dendro on up to eight enemies multiple times with just a single Skill use. It can also act as a long-range item grabber on some of the items found in the open world, and unlock new dialogue from NPCs. This talent should be prioritized.
Her Elemental Burst deals no damage on its own, but takes team composition into consideration, offering buffs based on how many of each of Electro, Hydro, and Pyro characters are in Nahida's Party.  Up to two characters for each element will be factored into the following buffs; two characters of an element will offer a better version of the below buffs than one. Nahida's Burst buffs scale with her talent level, so this is also worth leveling as high as possible, but make sure you focus on the Skill first.
Pyro
team members make Nahida's Burst increase DMG% for the team
Electro
team members reduce the cooldowns of abilities.
Hydro
team members extend the duration of the Burst.
So if you're into min-maxing Nahida, you might want to experiment with various team combinations.
Just like good 5-star characters, Nahida's constellations will only further buff her already ridiculous kit. Her C1 and her C2 are both significant upgrades with C6 enhances her main DPS gameplay. C2 specifically is comparable to the Raiden Shogun's C2, which is widely regarded as one of the best 5-star constellations in the game. However, Nahida at C0 is already a great character.
Best Genshin Nahida Team Composition
Nahida is a Dendro character that's focused around making elemental reactions. Her elemental mastery should be high, which means that you want characters that can interact with the Dendro element. Namely, Hydro, Pyro, and Electro. Basically,
almost
any team that would want a Dendro character would prioritize Nahida over other Dendro characters.
Naturally, her best teams will be teams that utilize Bloom, Hyperbloom, Burgeon, Quicken, Aggravate, and Spread-based compositions (Burning is not recommended).
A simple team composition that can take advantage of this setup would be:
Nahida
Cyno
Kazuha
Dori
This is a basic team composition that focuses on Quicken reactions (including Aggravate and Spread) with Nahida providing Dendro application for Cyno to wreak havoc with Electro attacks and Aggravate reactions. Kazuha is here for grouping up while Dori is a battery (for generating energy for teammates) and a healer that can be replaced by any other support character that can interact with Dendro reactions.
Cyno can also be replaced with
Raiden Shogun
or
Keqing
. Nahida is a powerful and flexible character befitting of an archon and can boost the damage of your team as long as your damage relies on elemental reactions instead of physical damage. Luckily, 99% of teams care about elemental reactions and do not care for physical damage.
Alternatively, Nahida might be desirable for Bloom teams. An example might be:
Nahida
Nilou
Collei, Dendro Traveler, or a Hydro character
Barbara or Kokomi
Nahida, however, will have an important drawback that's worth discussing in these teams. Suppose that Nahida is your only source of Dendro application; Nahida's application and damage only occurs after creating a reaction. Therefore, Nahida needs to create a reaction in order to... create a reaction with her Dendro application. That said, there are two remedies to this:
Play Nahida as an on-field unit and use her auto-attacks
Add a second Dendro character to the team to help out with application.
Best Genshin Nahida Weapons
You might notice something similar here, and that is Elemental Mastery. Nahida
loves
elemental mastery as her main duty in the party is to provide Dendro elemental reactions. Her best weapon, of course, is the weapon she comes with:
A Thousand Floating Dreams,
while
Sacrificial Fragments
trails close behind.
Name
Attribute
In-Game Description
A Thousand Floating Dreams
Elemental Mastery
Party members other than the equipping character will provide the equipping character with buffs based on whether their Elemental Type is the same as the latter or not. If their Elemental Types are the same, increase Elemental Mastery by 32. If not, increase the equipping character’s DMG Bonus from their Elemental Type by 10%.
The aforementioned effects can have 3 stacks. Additionally, all nearby party members other than the equipping character will have their Elemental Mastery increased by 40. Multiple such effects from multiple such weapons can stack.
The Widsith
CRIT DMG
When the character takes the field, they will gain a random theme song for 10s. This can only occur once every 30s. Recitative: ATK is increased by 60%-120% (R1-R5).
Aria: Increases all Elemental DMG by 48%-96% (R1-R5).
Interlude: Elemental Mastery is increased by 240.-480 (R1-R5).
Solar Pearl
CRIT Rate
Normal Attack hits increase Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst DMG by 20-40% (R1-R5) for 6s. Likewise, Elemental Skill or Elemental Burst hits increase Normal Attack DMG by 20-40% (R1-R5) for 6s.
Wandering Evenstar
Elemental Mastery
The following effect will trigger every 10s: The equipping character will gain 24%-48% (R1-R5) of their Elemental Mastery as bonus ATK for 12s, with nearby party members gaining 30% of this buff for the same duration.
Multiple instances of this weapon can allow this buff to stack. This effect will still trigger even if the character is not on the field.
Sacrificial Fragments
Elemental Mastery
After dealing damage to an opponent with an Elemental Skill, the skill has a 40%-80% (R1-R5) chance to end its own CD. Can only occur once every 30s.
Mappa Mare
Elemental Mastery
Triggering an Elemental reaction grants a 8% Elemental DMG Bonus for 10s. Max 2 stacks.
Magic Guide
Elemental Mastery
Increases DMG against opponents affected by Hydro or Electro by 12- 24% (R1-R5).
Best Genshin Nahida Artifacts
The best artifacts for Nahida are from Sumeru:
Gilded Dreams
and
Deepwood Memories
. For main stats, you can go for Elemental Mastery sands, Elemental Mastery or Dendro DMG% Goblet, and Elemental Mastery or CRIT Circlet depending on your critical hit/damage ratio.
Deepwood Memories
is best for Nahida if no one else on the team is carrying a four-piece set.
Otherwise, a full set of Gilded Dreams is optimal.
Ultimately, though, it is best to pick the set that has the best substats, focusing on Elemental Mastery, CRIT, and to smaller degrees, Energy Recharge and ATK%.
Nahida needs between 130% and 160% Energy Recharge. On-field Nahida tends closer to 130%.
When using her signature weapon or another Elemental Mastery weapon, it's advised to pick EM / DMG% / CRIT for your artifact main stats.
Artifact Name
2-Piece
4-Piece
Gilded Dreams
Elemental Mastery +80
Within 8s of triggering an Elemental Reaction, the character equipping this will obtain buffs based on the Elemental Type of the other party members. ATK is increased by 14% for each member whose Elemental Type is the same as the equipping character, and EM is increased by 50 for every member with a different Elemental Type. Each of the buffs will count up to 3 characters. This effect can be triggered once every 8s and even when not on the field.
Deepwood Memories
Dendro DMG Bonus +15%
After Elemental Skills or Bursts hit opponents, the targets' Dendro RES will be decreased by 30% for 8s. This effect can be triggered even if the equipping character is not on the field.
Up Next:
Genshin Nilou Banner, Talents, and Details
Previous
Genshin Nahida Ascension Materials
Next
Genshin Nilou Banner, Talents, and Details
Top Guide Sections
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna IV Release Time and Details
Genshin Impact Luna III Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna II Release Date and Details
Was this guide helpful?
Leave feedback
In This Guide
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Initial Release:
Sep 27, 2020
+2
Learn more
Go to comments