Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Nahida best build, Talent, Ascension materials, Constellation, team, and weapon
Everything you need to know about Nahida in Genshin Impact.
Guide
by
Jessica Orr
Senior Guides Writer
Updated on
Aug. 29, 2025
Follow Genshin Impact
Nahida
is a 5-Star Dendro character who was added to
Genshin Impact
during version 3.2.
While Nahida is featured as the boosted 5-Star character in her The Moongrass' Enlightenment Banner in
version 6.0
, she will eventually return at some point in the future when the
Banner schedule
cycles back to her.
To prepare for her, it's good to know the
best Nahida build
in
Genshin Impact
, including her
best Artifacts
and
best team
. It's also handy to learn what her
Constellation
perks are, and what
Talent materials
and
Ascension materials
are needed to level up Nahida to her full potential.
Be sure to also check out our
Genshin Impact codes
page to get free
Primogems
that can be used towards unlocking Nahida and other
characters
.
Nahida materials and stats
:
Nahida Talents, skills, star, element, and weapon
Nahida Talent materials
Nahida Ascension materials
Nahida Constellation
Nahida build
:
How to play Nahida in Genshin Impact
Best Nahida team comp
Best Nahida Artifacts
Best Nahida weapon
Best Nahida build
To see this content please enable targeting cookies.
Manage cookie settings
Genshin Impact Nahida Talents, skills, star, element, and weapon
Nahida is a
5-Star Dendro character who uses a catalyst
, and is best used in either a sub DPS (Damage Per Second), main DPS, or hybrid of both, depending on how you want to play her, and who is in your team.
Here's a summary of Nahida's abilities and stats in Genshin Impact:
Element
: Dendro.
Rarity
: 5-Star.
Weapon
: Catalyst.
Banner
: The Moongrass' Enlightenment.
Best build
: Hybrid main and sub DPS.
Normal Attack
: Akara.
Elemental Skill
: All Schemes to Know.
Elemental Burst
: Illusory Heart.
Passive one
: Compassion Illuminated (The Shrine of Maya during Nahida's Elemental Burst increases the active character on the field's Elemental Mastery by 25% of the party member with the highest Elemental Mastery stat, with a maximum of 250 Elemental Mastery gained).
Passive two
: Awakening Elucidated (Each point of Elemental Mastery over 200 will grant Nahida a 0.1% damage bonus and 0.03% critical rate bonus to the Tri-Karma Purification effect from her Elemental Skill, with a maximum of 80% damage and 24% crit rate gained).
Exploration bonus
: On All Things Meditated (Nahida can use her Elemental Skill to pick up harvestable materials within a fixed AOE. It can also be used to interact with NPCs in a special way).
Nahida Normal Attack - Akara
Nahida uses her catalyst to perform up to four attacks that deal Dendro damage. Charging the attack consumes stamina instead to deal AOE (Area of Effect) Dendro damage to opponents in front of her. As with most plunging attacks, Nahida slams to the ground from mid-air, damaging all opponents on her way down, and dealing AOE Dendro damage upon impact.
Nahida Elemental Skill - All Schemes to Know
Tapping the Elemental Skill button produces karmic bonds of wood, dealing AOE Dendro damage and marking up to eight opponents with the Seeds of Skandha.
Holding the Elemental Skill button will instead activate an aiming mode, increasing Nahida's resistance to interruption, and allowing you to select eight opponents within a certain area of the camera. When released after aiming, Dendro Damage is applied to the marked opponents, and also marks them with the Seed of Skandha. This aiming mode can last up to five seconds.
When marked with the Seed of Skandha, opponents are linked if close enough to each other. Linked opponents take damage through the Tri-Karma Purification effect when one is hit with an Elemental Reaction, or takes damage from a Dendro Core - this includes Burgeon and Hyperbloom.
Tri-Karma Purification deals Dendro damage based on Nahida's Attack and Elemental Mastery stats. You can only  trigger one Tri-Karma Purification within a short period of time, and cannot stack the Tri-Karma Purification effect on multiple groups of enemies.
Nahida Elemental Burst - Illusory Heart
Creates a massive AOE Shrine of Maya effect, with the following modifiers gained when inside the shrine based on what elemental types your party are, with the differing effects stacking:
Pyro
- Damage dealt by Tri-Karma Purification is increased dependant on Nahida's character level
Electro
- The interval between each Tri-Karma Purification is decreased dependant on Nahida's character level
Hydro
- The Shrine of Maya's duration is increased dependant on Nahida's character level
With two teammates of the same element in your party, the above effects are increased even further - again, based on Nahida's character level.
The Shrine of Maya is still active even when Nahida isn't on the field.
Genshin Impact Nahida Talent materials
Crystalline Cyst Dust.
To get the most out of using Nahida, you will have to level her skills up by using Talent materials, which vary from character-to-character.
For Nahida, you'll need to farm a lot of Ingenuity and Crystalline Cyst Dust materials (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade her capabilities.
As Nahida has three Talents,
you will have to spend three times the Talent materials listed below to fully upgrade all of her abilities
, which we've also detailed below the table.
Here's what Nahida Talent materials you need to improve one of her abilities:
Nahida Talent level
Nahida Talent materials
Mora cost
Level 2
x3 Teachings of Ingenuity, x6 Fungal Spores
12,500
Level 3
x2 Guide to Ingenuity, x3 Luminescent Pollen
17,500
Level 4
x4 Guide to Ingenuity, x4 Luminescent Pollen
25,000
Level 5
x6 Guide to Ingenuity, x6 Luminescent Pollen
30,000
Level 6
x9 Guide to Ingenuity, x9 Luminescent Pollen
37,500
Level 7
x4 Philosophies of Ingenuity, x4 Crystalline Cyst Dust, x1 Puppet Strings
120,000
Level 8
x6 Philosophies of Ingenuity, x6 Crystalline Cyst Dust, x1 Puppet Strings
260,000
Level 9
x12 Philosophies of Ingenuity, x9 Crystalline Cyst Dust, x2 Puppet Strings
450,000
Level 10
x16 Philosophies of Ingenuity, x12 Crystalline Cyst Dust, x2 Puppet Strings, x1 Crown of Insight
700,000
Here's what Talent Materials you'll need to fully upgrade
one
of Nahida's skills:
x1 Crown of Insight
x3 Teachings of Ingenuity
x6 Fungal Spores
x6 Puppet Strings
x21 Guide to Ingenuity
x22 Luminescent Pollen
x31 Crystalline Cyst Dust
x38 Philosophies to Ingenuity
1,652,500 Mora
To upgrade all
three
of Nahida's skills, here's all the Talent Materials you'll need:
x3 Crown of Insight
x9 Teachings of Ingenuity
x18 Fungal Spores
x18 Puppet Strings
x63 Guide to Ingenuity
x66 Luminescent Pollen
x93 Crystalline Cyst Dust
x114 Philosophies to Ingenuity
4,957,500 Mora
Genshin Impact Nahida Ascension materials
Kalpalata Lotus.
Just like Talents, you need to use Nahida Ascension materials to upgrade her health, attack, defence, and critical hit effectiveness.
You'll need to farm a lot of
Kalpalata Lotus
and Quelled Creeper materials for Nahida (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade her capabilities.
Unlike Talent materials, you only need to spend the below Ascension materials once to fully raise Nahida to her highest character level. There is also Acquaint Fate rewarded for reaching certain Ascension levels. You can spend this Fate on the
standard and beginner Banners
to Wish for characters and weapons.
Here's what Nahida Ascension materials and Mora you need to upgrade her for each Ascension level:
Nahida Ascension level
Nahida Ascension materials
Mora cost
Ascension reward
Level 20
x1 Nagadus Emerald Sliver, x3 Kalpalata Lotus, x3 Fungal Spores
20,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 40
x3 Nagadus Emerald Fragment, x2 Quelled Creeper, x10 Kalpalata Lotus, x15 Fungal Spores
40,000
None
Level 50
x6 Nagadus Emerald Fragment, x4 Quelled Creeper, x20 Kalpalata Lotus, x12 Luminescent Pollen
60,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 60
x3 Nagadus Emerald Chunk, x8 Quelled Creeper, x30 Kalpalata Lotus, x18 Luminescent Pollen
80,000
None
Level 70
x6 Nagadus Emerald Chunk, x12 Quelled Creeper, x45 Kalpalata Lotus, x12 Crystalline Cyst Dust
100,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 80
x6 Nagadus Emerald Gemstone, x20 Quelled Creeper, x60 Kalpalata Lotus, x24 Crystalline Cyst Dust
120,000
None
In total, here's all the Ascension Materials you need for Nahida in Genshin Impact:
x1 Nagadus Emerald Sliver
x6 Nagadus Emerald Gemstone
x9 Nagadus Emerald Fragment
x9 Nagadus Emerald Chunk
x18 Fungal Spores
x30 Luminescent Pollen
x36 Crystalline Cyst Dust
x46 Quelled Creeper
x168 Kalpalata Lotus
420,000 Mora
Genshin Impact Nahida Constellation
By getting duplicates of Nahida from wishing on Banners, you will receive her Stella Fortuna. This material allows you to unlock Constellation levels, with each upgrade either improving an existing Talent or Passive ability.
Although still very effective at C0, if your pulling for Nahida multiple times, she has some really good Constellation perks, even if stopping at C1 or C2.
Here are all of Nahida's Constellation level upgrades in Genshin Impact:
The Seed of Stored Knowledge (C1)
: When the Shrine of Maya is unleashed and the Elemental Types of the party members are being tabulated, the count will add one to the number of Pyro, Electro, and Hydro characters respectively.
The Root of All Fullness (C2)
: Opponents that are marked by Seeds of Skandha applied by Nahida herself will be affected by Burning, Bloom, Hyperbloom and Burgeon scoring critical hits, with crit rate and crit damage fixed at 20% and 100% respectively. Additionally, within eight seconds of being affected by Quicken, Aggravate, or Spread, enemies' defence is decreased by 30%.
The Shoot of Conscious Attainment (C3)
: Increases the level of Nahida's Elemental Skill, All Schemes to Know, by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
The Stem of Manifest Inference (C4)
: When nearby opponents are affected by All Schemes to Know's Seeds of Skandha, Nahida's Elemental Mastery will be increased dependant on  how many enemies are affected by the seeds. One will raise Elemental Mastery by 100, two by 120, three by 140, and four or over by 160.
The Leaves of Enlightening Speech (C5)
: Increases the level of Illusory Heart by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
The Fruit of Reason's Culmination (C6)
: When Nahida hits an opponent affected by All Schemes to Know's Seeds of Skandha with normal or charged attacks after activating Illusory Heart, she will use Tri-Karma Purification - Karmic Oblivion on this enemy and all connected enemies, dealing Dendro damage based on 200% of Nahida's Attack and 400% of her Elemental Mastery. This damage is considered Elemental Skill damage, and can be triggered once every 0.2 seconds. The effect can last up to ten seconds, but will be removed after Nahida has used six instances of Tri-Karma Purification - Karmic Oblivion.
How to play Nahida in Genshin Impact
Nahida is a very powerful character who can perform well in a main DPS or sub DPS role - or a hybrid of both, as it all depends on what team you want to use her in. Due to this, her playstyle is heavily dependent on what other characters you have in your party.
It seems like her whole kit is pushing players towards
pairing Nahida with either Nilou or Cyno
, but her playstyle with these two Sumeru characters won't apply to most other Nahida teams. If you are using Nahida with Nilou or Cyno, then we highly recommend checking out out our
Nilou build
and
Cyno build
guides to see exactly how to use Nahida's Dendro abilities in these teams, and who else should be in your party.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Generally speaking though, when playing Nahida, you'll want to pair her with at least one Pyro, Electro, or Hydro character (with
Hydro and Electro generally producing the best damage numbers
), use her Elemental Burst, then hold down her Elemental Skill and mark as many opponents as possible. Lastly, you should use another character to apply an Elemental Reaction with Dendro to one opponent, which will damage all enemies linked with the Seed of Skandha gained from previously marking with Nahida's Elemental Skill.
You might want to skip activating Nahida'a Burst if the time it takes for the animation to play is affecting your DPS.
As Burgeon and Hyperbloom reactions count, it would be ideal to already have a Pyro or Hydro Element applied to an enemy before using Nahida's Elemental Skill in this rotation for maximum DPS potential - if these Elements are in your team.
Best Nahida team comp in Genshin Impact
We consider a
Nilou Team
to be the best team comp to pair with Nahida. For full details on why, you can check out our
Nilou
build page, but generally speaking, it's due to the way Nahida can set up devesating Bloom and Hyperbloom Elemental Reactions with Hydro.
In a Nilou team, you'll want a Hydro or Dendro healer, ideally
Kokomi
or Yaoyao, and either another Hydro support like
Yelan
or
Xingqiu
, or another Dendro support like the
Dendro Traveler
. You can only have Hydro and Dendro characters on good Nilou teams, which can limit some of Nahida's abilities here.
If you have Nilou or Cyno, it's best to include Nahida in your team.
In Quicken or Aggravate teams, you'll want an Electro 'battery' who can provide Energy-hungry characters like Cyno with Particles towards Elemental Burst recharge, while also providing Nahida with a decreased downtime for her Tri-Karma Purification ability.
Fischl
is the ideal choice for this role, but
Kuki Shinobu
and
Dori
can replace her if needed.
Kokomi
is best to choose for the last team slot due to her benefits to Nahida, but
Xingqiu
,
Yelan
,
Kazuha
, and
Zhongli
are good options too.
If you don't have Nilou, you can build around other Hydro and Electro DPS characters for Dendro reactions, like Yelan, Mona, Raiden Shogun, Yae Miko, Keqing, or even Beidou.
Best Nahida Artifacts in Genshin Impact
Part of the Deepwood Memories Set.
To take advantage of Nahida's Dendro damage, you should have someone on your team with the
four-piece Deepwood Memories
. Ideally, this should be on a Dendro character like Nahida to boost their personal damage, but any party member can equip Deepwood Memories to help decrease enemies' Dendro resistance and raise your party's DPS potential.
If you're not putting the Deepwood Memories set on Nahida, then we recommend the
four-piece Gilded Dreams
Artifact set for +80% Elemental Mastery with the two-piece, and a buff based on the Elemental Type of the other party members with the full four-piece equipped. With the full set, within eight seconds of triggering an Elemental Reaction, Nahida's attack is increased by 14% for each Dendro character in the party, and Elemental Mastery is increased by 50 for every member who isn't Dendro. Even better, this buff is still applied when Nahida is not the active character.
Lastly, for all Artifacts, you should prioritise
Elemental Mastery or Crit Rate with your main and sub-stats
, with Elemental Mastery taking priority.
Best Nahida weapon in Genshin Impact
The 5-Star A Thousand Floating Dreams catalyst.
As with most signatures, the
5-Star A Thousand Floating Dreams catalyst
is Nahida's best weapon in Genshin Impact. Signature weapons are basically custom built for characters, as is the case with this one.
The A Thousand Floating Dreams catalyst means having other Dendro party members increases Nahida's Elemental Mastery by 32 for each one. If not Dendro, they will increase Nahida's damage bonus by 10%. Each of these bonuses can stack three times. Additionally, all party members other than Nahida will have their Elemental Mastery increased by 40.
If you don't want to spend your Fate on Wishing on character and weapon Banners, however, then you can repurpose other 5-Star catalysts instead, most notably the
Wandering Evenstar
for its Elemental Mastery increase.
As
for 4-Star weapon options, the Sacrificial Fragments and Mappa Mare
seem to be great options for enhancing Nahida's abilities passively, with Sacrificial Fragments having a chance to automatically end the cooldown of Nahida's Elemental Skill.
Version 6.4 Phase 2 sees the returning 5-Star
Skirk
and a rerun of
Escoffier
. 

So don't forget to redeem
new codes
for
Primogems
to help pull them, and check out our regularly updated
tier list
.

You need luck from the
Pity and 50/50 systems
to
Wish with Fate
for characters on
Banners
, and you always need the right
Adventure Rank
for events.

Elsewhere, we have
tips and tricks for beginners
.
Best Nahida build in Genshin Impact
If you want to take advantage of her hybrid sub and main DPS capabilities, we have compiled what we think is currently the best Nahida build in Genshin Impact:
Nahida Best Weapon
: 5-Star A Thousand Floating Dreams catalyst.
Nahida Best Artifacts
: 4-Piece Deepowood Memories.
Nahida Best team comp
: Nilou, Dendro Traveler, Kokomi.
Good luck levelling up Nahida in Genshin Impact!