Games
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Nahida Guide
By
clintaianp
-
November 28, 2022
0
3304
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
WhatsApp
Nahida, Lesser Lord Kusanali, is known for being the god with the least experience regarding the realities of nature of all things yet, she has more wisdom than other gods. But, It did not stop Nahida from being curious about how things are. She is powered by dreams and observation, enabling her to adapt to different situations and learn how phenomena happen.
Pros & Cons of Nahida
Pros
Quick CD for Skill and Elemental Burst.
Versatile to fit different kinds of teams.
Consistent Dendro infliction using Element skills
Elemental Mastery increases its CRIT Rate and DMG making her easier to build.
Cons
Despite having an advantage with her burst, it does not deal damage
Highly dependent on reactions and other elements to function.
Nahida Skills
Akara
(Normal Attack)
Normal Attack
Deal Dendro DMG to opponents in front of her, which can be stacked up to 4 times.
Charged Attack
She requires a specific amount of stamina to deal with AoE Dendro DMG to opponents in front of her after a short casting time.
Plunging Attack
Coming for its name itself, as Nahida plunges, it damages all opponents in her path. Deals AoE Dendro DMG upon impact with the ground.
All Schemes to Know
(Elemental Skill)
Unleashes Dendro karmic bonds of wood and tree from her side that deal damage to up to 8 opponents along with the Seed of Skandha. Seed of Skandha enables opponents who have been marked by it will be linked to one another for a certain distance. Nahida will unleash Tri-Karma Purification to the tied opponents dealing Dendro DMG based on her ATK and Elemental Mastery. Tri-Karma Purification can’t be staked.
Elemental Skill reacts differently when triggered by holding. It enters an aiming mode that enables you to select a specific area with a limited number of opponents to attack. During this time, Nahida’s resistance to interruption will be increased. Like with the usual trigger, the elemental skill deals with Dendro DMG and marks opponents with the Seed of Skanda, and the sequence of attack is also the same. Aiming lasts 5 seconds and can be aimed at a maximum of eight opponents.
Illusory Heart
(Elemental Burst)
Manifests the Court of Dreams and expands the Shrine of Maya.
The Shrine of Maya unleashes different elemental types present when it has been triggered.
Pyro: The effects and damage of Tri-Karma Purification from her elemental skill, All Schemes to Know, are increased
Electro: Opposite to Pyro, the damage interval between Tri-Karma Purification is decreased.
Hydro: The Shrine of Maya’s duration is increased.
If Nahida is outside the range of the Shrine of Maya, these bonus effects will not be triggered.
Nahida DPS/Support Build
Recommended Weapon
Kagura’s Verity
5-star Catalyst
Equipes Nahida with Kagura Dance effect that enables 12% All Elemental DMG Bonus when they possess three stacks
Substitutes
Lost Prayer to the Sacred Winds
5-star Catalyst
Increases Movement SPD by 10%. During the battle, it will enable Nahida to gain an 8% Elemental DMG Bonus every 4s. Max 4 stacks.
Solar Pearl
4-star Catalyst
Enables Nahida to increase her Passive Skill buff.
Best Artifact
Deepwood Memories
2-PC: Dendro DMG Bonus +15%
4-PC: After Elemental Skills or Bursts hit opponents, the targets’ Dendro RES will be decreased by 30% for 8s. It can be used even in Nahida’s off-field.
Substitutes:
Gilded Dreams
2-PC: Elemental Mastery +80
Wanderer’s Troupe
2-PC: Elemental Mastery +80
Main Stats
Flower
Main: Flat HP Sub: Elemental Mastery / ATK% / CRIT Rate / CRIT DMG
Feather
Main: Flat ATK Sub: Elemental Mastery / ATK% / CRIT Rate / CRIT DMG
Sands
Main: Elemental Mastery Sub: Energy Recharge / ATK% / CRIT Rate / CRIT DMG
Goblet
Main: Elemental Mastery Sub: Energy Recharge / ATK% / CRIT Rate / CRIT DMG
Crown
Main: Elemental Mastery Sub: Energy Recharge / ATK% / CRIT Rate / CRIT DMG
What talent priority to focus on in Nahida
Main DPS
1st – Normal Attack
2nd – Elemental Skill
3rd – Elemental Burst
Sub DPS
1st – Elemental Skill
2nd – Elemental Burst
3rd – Normal Attack
Nahida Best Team Comp
Support
Nahida
DPS
Cyno
Sub-DPS
Dendro Traveler
Support
Kokomi
Nahida will be the primary off-field support in this team, complimented by Kokomi, who will be the main healer as she enables Bloom reaction. Cyno will be the main DPS triggering Aggravate to deal increased damage, while Dendro Traveler will be the Sub-DPS giving Dendro Resonance.
How To Use Nahida
Recommended skill rotation sequence for Nahida:
Use Nahida’s Elemental Skill to enemies.
Trigger reactions by switching to different characters.
Repeat the first step.
Maximize Elemental Bursts before Elemental Skill whenever it’s available.
Don’t forget to
top up Genesis Crystals for Genshin Impact
on Codashop. It’s faster and easier, with plenty of convenient payment methods available.
BUY APP & GAME CREDITS ONLINE
More games & apps
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
WhatsApp
Previous article
Free Fire OB37 Update Guide, New Maps, and more!
Next article
League of Legends: Wild Rift Kayn, Shadow Assassin Champion Guide
clintaianp
https://myprofile.ph/clintaianpontillas
I'm an artist who expresses myself through my creations.  I'm a free spirit who loves playing games, especially when my boss isn't around. I also edit videos internationally and have performed on stage as a front act for famous band artists who have had concerts here in Palawan. My curiosity has led me to places I've never been, to challenges I've never faced, and to success I never imagined. You might think I'm a weird person, but if you could see the world through my eyes, you'll understand the beauty in it.
Facebook