Sethos is a four-star Electro bow user who acts as a main DPS that deals Elemental Reaction-based damage. Amid the sea of Electro sub-DPS characters, you can enjoy playing an Electro unit with more on-field time. Here's everything you need to prepare to build him.
Recommended Videos
Table of Contents
Best weapons for Sethos in Genshin Impact
Alternative Weapons
Best Artifacts & substats for Sethos in Genshin Impact
Sethos's best Artifact substats
Genshin Impact Sethos Talent upgrade priority
Best team for Sethos in Genshin Impact
More Posts from PGG
Best weapons for Sethos in Genshin Impact
There are so many DPS-focused bow weapons in Genshin Impact, and all of them can be used by Sethos. However, the best-performing options would be those that increase his Elemental Mastery and Charged Attack Damage.
Hunter's Path
(best-in-slot five-star) - This weapon offers a CRIT Rate substat, increases Elemental DMG Bonus, and increases Charged Attack DMG based on Elemental Mastery. It synergizes well with Sethos' kit, which requires a good amount of EM to trigger Reaction-based damage.
Cloudweaver
(best four-star) - Offers an EM substat and further increases EM whenever Energy decreases.
Slingshot
(best three-star and free-to-play) - At R5, this three-star option is one of his best free-to-play options, and is even better than most four-star alternatives! It offers a CRIT Rate substat and a massive passive DMG bonus, so consider using this weapon over four-stars. Only the Hunter's Path is a better option than Slingshot for Sethos.
Alternative Weapons
It's important to know that the alternatives below are primarily just stat sticks. I strongly recommend using Slingshot over the options below.
Aqua Simulacra
The First Great Magic
Polar Star
Amos' Bow
Thundering Pulse
Skyward Harp
Scion of the Blazing Sun
The Stringless
Ibis Piercer
Best Artifacts & substats for Sethos in Genshin Impact
Sethos' Normal Attacks and Elemental Burst are considered Charged Attack DMG, so opt for Artifact sets that can increase this stat.
Wanderer's Troupe
(best-in-slot) - This Artifact set is extremely niche, and it's finally going to get some good use. It increases Elemental Mastery and Charged Attack DMG (only for bow and catalyst users), making it the perfect set for Sethos.
This Artifact set can only be obtained from random boss drops and Domain Reliquary boxes from the Spiral Abyss.
Elemental Reaction-based set
- Great alternatives if you're unable to farm decent substats on Wanderer's Troupe. Their four-piece bonuses are dependent on your team comp, so choose carefully!
Thundering Fury - Overloaded, Electro-Charged, Superconduct, and Hyperbloom
Flower of Paradise Lost - Bloom, Hyperbloom, and Burgeon
Gilded Dreams - Receive buffs based on the team's Elements (ATK for Electro characters, EM for all other Elements)
Two-piece combos
- These two-piece combos give you the flexibility to mix and match versatile sets you already have to ease the burden of farming.
Gladiator's Finale (+18% ATK)
Echoes of an Offering (+18% ATK)
Shimenawa's Reminiscence (+18% ATK)
Thundering Fury (+15% Electro DMG Bonus)
Flower of Paradise Lost (+80 Elemental Mastery)
Gilded Dreams (+80 Elemental Mastery)
Sethos's best Artifact substats
Sands
: EM
Goblet
: Electro DMG Bonus or EM
Circlet
: CRIT Rate or CRIT DMG, depending on what you need
Substats
: EM, ER, CRIT
As Sethos has a Reaction-based playstyle, prioritize EM over ATK stats. You will want a relatively high EM range of 500+ to 700 (including buffs and passives) to maximize his damage output. If you primarily use Sethos' Normal Attack, you won't need to aim for too much ER. However, if you're reliant on his Burst for damage, then aim for a comfortable range of 100% to 150%, depending on the number of Electro units and Favonius weapons used by the team.
Genshin Impact Sethos Talent upgrade priority
Sethos' damage comes from both his Normal Attack and Elemental Burst, so they can be upgraded at equal priority. I suggest picking the
option you use more often
in your rotations, as it will be the most valuable to level up given the high Talent upgrade costs.
Normal Attack:
Royal Reed Archery
Elemental Burst:
Twilight Shadowpiercer
Elemental Skill:
The Thundering Sands
Meanwhile, Sethos' Elemental Skill offers negligible utility, so you can disregard it in favor of his Normal Attack and Elemental Burst. While you may level up his Elemental Skill, I don't suggest wasting a Crown on it.
Best team for Sethos in Genshin Impact
Since Electro is used in a lot of Reactions, Sethos can be slotted into plenty of team comps. But to maximize his potential, make sure that they're versatile enough to deal Elemental Reactions—he's not a great pick in experimental mono-Element teams!
Sethos damage output is extremely low without Reactions, so opting for units with consistent Elemental application is crucial as well. In addition, I find it helpful to pair Sethos with a shielder for interruption resistance. It's not a requirement but will make his gameplay a lot more comfortable.
Kirara
is a great shielder with some Dendro application.
Aggravate team
- Sethos + Nahida + Electro sub-DPS (Fischl, Beidou, Yae Miko, Raiden Shogun, Kuki Shinobu, Kujou Sara) + any character you need (i.e. shielder for survivability or your favorite waifu or husbando)
Overloaded team
- Sethos + Chevreuse + Pyro applicator (Xiangling for DPS, Thoma for shield) + Electro battery (any sub-DPS)
Hyperbloom team
- Sethos + Nahida + Electro sub-DPS + Hydro applicator (Xingqiu, Yelan, Furina)
For more on Sethos, check out our
Genshin Impact Sethos Farming Guide – All leaked Talent & Ascension materials
here on Pro Game Guides.
More Posts from PGG