Sethos is a four-star Electro Bow character in
Genshin Impact
who serves as a decent DPS or sub-DPS unit. This guide will break down the best
Genshin Impact
Sethos
build, including which Artifacts and Weapons to use on him.
Recommended Videos
Image via HoYoverse
What Sethos Does
Sethos is a DPS or sub-DPS Electro bow character. Sethos uses his Elemental Skill and Burst to increase his Normal Attack’s strength and works best with characters who can help him trigger elemental reactions. Here is Sethos full kit:
Normal Attack:
Works as a normal arrow attack. Charged Attacks have two charge levels. The first works like a normal Charged Attack: firing an arrow of Electro damage. The second charge fires a Shadowpiercing Shot, which travels through enemies in a straight line from Sethos.
Elemental Skill:
Sethos deals an AoE of Electro damage around him and steps back from the enemy. If this attack triggers an elemental reaction, Sethos will regenerate a lot of energy.
Elemental Burst:
Turns Setho’s Normal Attacks into Shadowpiercing Shots. His damage increases based off his Elemental Mastery.
Passive Talents:
When aiming a Charged Attack, the time it takes to create one will be reduced based on how much Energy has currently has. Charged Attacks will consume energy when fired.
Sethos’ Shadowpiercing Shots deal 700 percent of his Elemental Mastery. This effect is canceled five seconds after shooting a Shadowpiercing Shot and/or it strikes four opponents.
When Sethos is in your party, resources unique to Sumeru are displayed on the mini-map.
Screenshot by Siliconera
Best Sethos Artifacts in
Genshin Impact
Sethos’ Artifacts should focus on increasing his Elemental Mastery, his Elemental Recharge, and his Charged Attacks. His Artifacts’ substats should focus mainly on Elemental Mastery, Elemental Recharge, and Attack. Elemental Mastery is the most important stat for him because a lot of his attacks rely on it to deal as much damage as possible.
These are the best Artifact sets for Sethos:
Emblem of Severed Fates:
Two-Piece:
20 percent Energy Recharge
bonus
Four-Piece: Increases Elemental Burst damage by 25 percent of his Energy Recharge stat.
Flower of Paradise Lost:
(Only if you’re using Sethos on a Hyperbloom team)
Two-Piece: Increases Elemental Mastery by 80
Four-Piece: When he causes a Bloom, Hyperbloom, or Burgeon reaction, his reaction damage is increased by 40 percent. Afterwards, he will gain an additional 25 percent reaction damage bonus. This can stack up to four times. Each stack lasts 10 seconds.
Gilded Dreams:
Two-Piece: Increases
Elemental Mastery by 80
Four-Piece: After triggering an Elemental Reaction, his attack will be increased by 14 percent per party member who is the same Elemental type as Sethos. Elemental Mastery is increased by 50 for every party member of a different Elemental type.
Thundering Fury:
Two-Piece: 15 percent Electro damage bonus
Four-Piece: Increases damage dealt by Electro-based elemental reactions by 40 percent. If he triggers Quicken or Aggrivate, his Elemental Skill cooldown is decreased by one second.
Wanderer’s Troupe:
Two-Piece: 80 Elemental Mastery
Four-Piece: Increases bow and catalyst users’ Charged Attack damage by 35 percent.
Finally, here’s a breakdown of what main stats you would like to have for each piece:
Sands:
Elemental Mastery
Goblet:
Elemental Mastery or Electro Damage Bonus
Circlet:
Elemental Mastery or Attack percentage
Note that the Flower is always fixed on HP, and the Feather is always fixed on Attack.
Image via HoYoverse
Best Sethos Weapons in
Genshin Impact
Here are Sethos’ best weapons:
Elegy For The End
(Venti’s signature weapon)
46 Attack
12 percent Energy Recharge
Grants a 60 percent Elemental Mastery increase. After using an Elemental Skill or Burst, he will gain Sigils, to a maximum of four. Once he reaches four, they will be consumed and his Elemental Mastery will be increased by 100 and his Attack will be increased by 20 percent. This lasts for 12 seconds.
Scion of the Blazing Sun
44 Attack
Four percent
Crit Rate
After hitting an enemy with a Charged Attack, a Sunfire Arrow will hit them, dealing 60 percent of his Attack in damage. For the next ten seconds, the enemy takes 28 percent more damage from Charged Attacks.
The Stringless
42 Attack
36 Elemental Mastery
Increases Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst damage by 24 percent.
Sacrificial Bow
44 Attack
Six percent Energy Recharge
After damaging an enemy with his Elemental Skill, there is a 40 percent chance that it will be ended immediately.
Screenshots by Siliconera
Best Sethos Teams in
Genshin Impact
A lot of Sethos’ damage comes from Elemental reactions, so it’s important to have teammates who allow him to do so. Off-field DPS characters are really useful for this. This includes characters like Furina, Xianling, Yaoyao, and Xingqiu.
Sethos isn’t exactly the fastest attacker, so you might want to pair him up with a co-DPS. Ideally, this would be someone who Sethos can get a decent amount of Elemental reactions off of. Because Sethos is a bow character, he’s extremely vulnerable to interruption. A shielder who can also pull off elemental reactions will be really useful for him. These are characters like Layla, Diona, C2 Xinyan, and Thoma.
Weirdly enough, Dori is a good pair with Sethos.
Yes, Dori.
She’s a good teammate for him because she generates a lot of Energy particles, does some healing, and can help him get more Electro particles. Sethos needs a lot of energy to keep going, so Dori’s Burst and her typing are surprisingly good with him. If you don’t want to risk yourself with Dori but still want someone to help Sethos with generating Electro particles, Fischl, Kuki Shinobu, and Raiden Shogun are great options.
Image via HoYoverse
Other great support characters for Sethos are Barbara, Nahida, Yaoyao, Kokomi, Baizhu, Lynette, and Bennett. Whether it’s to help him with reactions, heal him, or support him in other ways, these characters are all great choices.
Genshin Impact
is now available on
Android, iOS, PC, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5
.