When you start playing Genshin Impact you see a mysterious fight between siblings and forces of darkness. There you choose who you’d like to play for brother (Aether) or sister (Lumine) and so your adventure begins. In the game, you will be referred to as Traveler and this is your first default and free 5-start champion in Genshin Impact. In this post, you will learn more about Geo Traveler and the best comps that suits this character.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
The whole information is presented in tables. You can use the navigation bar above to move quickly to the information block that you are most interested in.
Talents
Constellations
Build
Team
Traveler is the only character in Genshin Impact who can change elemental powers. You will start with Anemo powers but as you proceed through the game and unlock new regions you’ll find new gods that will let you swap to another element. The other four are Geo, Electro, Dendro and Hydro but there’ll be more to come in the future. You will see that we have described Traveler character from all sides. In this post, you will see Geo comps and you can click on other elements below to see the relevant comp for Traveler.
Traveler (Geo) Build
Below you can see the best weapon option for playing Traveler (Geo) in Genshin Impact. Accompanied by the best Traveler (Geo) artifact set and its stat priorities.
Sub DPS Build
If you play this champion as a Sub DPS in your comp you should take the weapon and artifacts from the list below. They are believed to be the most effective ones in almost all situations.
Weapon
Skyward Blade
Weapon Substitutes:
Mistsplitter Reforged
,
Amenoma Kageuchi
,
Favonius Sword
.
Artifact Set
Archaic Petra
(4-Piece)
Artifact Main Stats Priority:
ATK%
Geo DMG Bonus
CRIT Rate / CRIT DMG / ATK%
Sub Stats Priority: CRIT Rate > CRIT DMG > ATK% > Energy Recharge
Talent Priority
Starfell Sword > Wake of Earth > Foreign Rockblade
Best Team Compositions for Traveler (Geo)
When you play Genshin Impact everything depends not only on your main character but also on the composition. You should learn how elements complement each other and build the best team for your main. Below you can see the best team composition for Traveler (Geo) with Main DPS, sub DPS and one Support characters. Also, we have included alternative characters for each role that go well with Traveler (Geo) too.
Traveler was meant to be a universal character, who works perfectly in any comp. It is a strong character at Sub DPS role. As Geo Traveler works great with other Geo characters to apply Geo Resonance that makes shields better. In such a way your main task is to spam your Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst to increase Geo Damage. Zhongli suits this role the best by forming a huge zone with constant Geo DMG. The main character will be Diluc, who will tank thanks to constant shields from Geo characters. Bennett’s Elemental Burst will increase the team’s overall damage, while also healing them.
Good characters for this comp:
Hu Tao, Klee, Xiao, Xingqiu, Albedo, Noelle, Jean.
If you want to know more about every teammate for Traveler (Geo) you can click on the link below and find them in the list of all Genshin Impact characters that we have described.
Genshin Impact All Characters List
In case you are still not sure what champion you want to pick as main we have
Genshin Impact characters tier list
with explanations on how to build your best team.
Traveler (Geo) Talents
Below you can see the list of talents that Traveler (Geo) uses during the fight. Each of them we have described with the main characteristics.
Foreign Rockblade
Normal Attack
Normal Attack:
Performs up to 5 rapid strikes.
Charged Attack:
Consumes a certain amount of Stamina to unleash 2 rapid sword strikes.
Plunging Attack:
Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Starfell Sword
Elemental Skill
You disgorge a meteorite from the depths of the earth, dealing AoE Geo DMG.
The meteorite is considered a Geo Construct, and can be climbed or used to block attacks.
Hold:
This skill’s positioning may be adjusted.
Wake of Earth
Elemental Burst
Energizing the Geo deep underground, you set off expanding shockwaves.
Launches surrounding opponents back and deals AoE Geo DMG.
A stone wall is erected at the edges of the shockwave.
The stone wall is considered a Geo Construct, and may be used to block attacks.
Shattered Darkrock
1st Ascension Passive
Reduces Starfell Sword’s CD by 2s.
Frenzied Rockslide
4th Ascension Passive
The final hit of a Normal Attack combo triggers a collapse, dealing 60% of ATK as AoE Geo DMG.
Every talent can be upgraded up to level 15. But to do so you will need to gather materials on particular days. The list of the needed materials for leveling Traveler’s talents is mentioned in the next block.
Talent Leveling Materials
So here you can see all materials that you will need in order to level up Traveler’s talents.
Normal Attack
Talent Level-Up Materials
Freedom Books:
Teachings of Freedom
,
Guide to Freedom
,
Philosophies of Freedom
.
Resistance Books:
Guide to Resistance
,
Philosophies of Resistance
.
Ballad Books:
Guide to Ballad
,
Philosophies of Ballad
.
Common Ascension Materials
Divining Scroll
,
Sealed Scroll
,
Forbidden Curse Scroll
.
Weekly Boss Material
Dvalin’s Sigh
Elemental Skill or Burst
Talent Level-Up Materials
Prosperity Books:
Teachings of Prosperity
,
Guide to Prosperity
,
Philosophies of Prosperity
.
Diligence Books:
Guide to Diligence
,
Philosophies of Diligence
.
Gold Books:
Guide to Gold
,
Philosophies of Gold
.
Common Ascension Materials
Firm Arrowhead
,
Sharp Arrowhead
,
Weathered Arrowhead
.
Weekly Boss Material
Tail of Boreas
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
Some of them are required at the beginning for low levels and others are more advanced. We just wanted to focus your attention on material types in general.
Traveler (Geo) Constellations
Other characters in Genshin Impact have a different system of constellation upgrade as you can get them from wishes. Traveler is a free character that you start the game with and you don’t get any upgrades from wishes, so there is another constellation system. You will need to obtain
Memory of Immovable Crystals
a Constellation Activation Material item used to unlock Constellations for the Traveler when aligned with the Geo element. You will get all six of them during the campaign:
Memory of Immovable Crystals
Reward from the quest Farewell, the Archaic Lord (Chapter I, Act II)
Reward from the quest A New Star Approaches (Chapter I, Act III)
Sold by Xingxi in Souvenir Shop, Mingxing Jewelry (limit 4, for 225 Geo Sigils each)
Level 1
Invincible Stonewall
Party members within the radius of Wake of Earth have their CRIT Rate increased by 10% and have increased resistance against interruption.
Level 2
Rockcore Meltdown
When the meteorite created by Starfell Sword is destroyed, it will also explode, dealing additional AoE Geo DMG equal to the amount of damage dealt by Starfell Sword.
Level 3
Will of the Rock
Increases the Level of Wake of Earth by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 4
Reaction Force
The shockwave triggered by Wake of Earth regenerates 5 Energy for every opponent hit.
A maximum of 25 Energy can be regenerated in this manner at any one time.
Level 5
Meteorite Impact
Increases the Level of Starfell Sword by 3.
Maximum upgrade level is 15.
Level 6
Everlasting Boulder
The barrier created by Wake of Earth lasts 5s longer.
The meteorite created by Starfell Sword lasts 10s longer.
Every Genshin Impact character has own set of constellations above you can see Traveler (Geo) constellations list with descriptions.
Ascension Materials
In addition, there are ascension phases that increase the level cap for your character. After Traveler reaches the 20th level he/she can be ascended to the next ascension phase, up to phase 6, which allow getting 90th level. You can obtain Brilliant Diamond Sliver, Brilliant Diamond Fragment, Brilliant Diamond Chunk and Brilliant Diamond Gemstone as the reward by reaching a certain Adventure Rank at Adventure guild.
Character Ascension Materials
Brilliant Diamonds:
Brilliant Diamond Sliver
,
Brilliant Diamond Fragment
,
Brilliant Diamond Chunk
,
Brilliant Diamond Gemstone
.
Common Ascension Materials
Damaged Mask
,
Stained Mask
,
Ominous Mask
.
Local Specialty
Windwheel Aster
Genshin Impact Enhancement Progression Calculator
In order to level up ascension phases you’ll need materials. So the list of those required for Traveler is listed above.
Artem R.
I have been an avid gamer since childhood. My favorite genres are RPGs, Action, and MMOs. Some of my all-time favorite games include the Diablo and Path of Exile ARPG series, the Dark Souls series, and JRPGs like Xenoblade, Atelier, and the Final Fantasy. I am also a big fan of the PSP and PS Vita, and I currently enjoy gaming on my Nintendo Switch.
Post Views:
9,468
Please share it with your friends
Tags:
Genshin Impact
Post navigation
Previous
WoW Burning Crusade Classic Auchindoun Attunements Guide
Next
Sea of ​​Craft Free Demo is Available on Steam