Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Xilonen materials, kit, and Constellations
Ascension and Talent materials for Xilonen.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Guide
by
Jessica Orr
Senior Guides Writer
Updated on
Nov. 21, 2025
Follow Genshin Impact
Xilonen
is a 5-Star Geo character who was added to
Genshin Impact
during version 5.1.
While Xilonen features as the boosted 5-Star character on her Forgefire's Blessing Banner in version 6.2, she will eventually return to
Genshin Impact
at some point in the future when the
Banner schedule
cycles back to her.
If you want to prepare for her, we've listed
Xilonen's Ascension materials
and
Talent materials
so you can level her up to her full potential right away. To understand how you might play her, we've also detailed
Xilonen's kit
and
Constellations
.
On this page:
Xilonen's kit
Xilonen Ascension materials
Xilonen Talent materials
Xilonen Constellations
To see this content please enable targeting cookies.
Manage cookie settings
Xilonen kit
Xilonen is a
5-Star Geo character who uses a sword
, and keeping in mind that all of the percentages mentioned below are based on Level 1 Skills, here's a summary of
Xilonen's kit in Genshin Impact
:
.
Element
: Geo.
Rarity
: 5-Star.
Weapon
: Sword.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Normal Attack
: Ehecatl's Roar.
Elemental Skill
: Yohual's Scratch.
Elemental Burst
: Ocelotlicue Point!.
Passive one
: Night Realm's Gift: Blessing of Forge-Fire - After her Nightsoul points are fully depleted, Xilonen will switch to consuming Phlogiston to maintain her Nightsoul's Blessing. While in an area with Phlogiston Mechanics within Natlan, she can use Nightsoul Transmission: Xilonen. When the active character is currently sprinting, climbing, in a movement mode caused by certain Talents, or at a certain height in the air, the following will trigger when switching to Xilonen: Xilonen will enter the Nightsoul's Blessing state and gain 20 Nightsoul points. In this situation, Xilonen's Nightsoul points have a 4 second time limit, after which her Nightsoul points will immediately expire. After she uses Yohual's Scratch within this time limit, her Nightsoul point time limit will be extended by 9 seconds. Nightsoul Transmission can be triggered once every 10 seconds by your own team. Additionally, while in Natlan, Xilonen will not consume Stamina when climbing while in the Nightsoul's Blessing state.
Passive two
: Netotiliztli's Echoes - While in her Nightsoul's Blessing state:
If Xilonen has at least two Source Samples that have had their Elemental Types changed, she gains 35 Nightsoul points when her normal or plunging attacks hit opponents. Can be triggered once every 0.1 seconds.
If Xilonen has fewer than two Source Samples that have had their Elemental Types changed, her normal and plunging attacks deal 30% increased damage.
Passive three
: Portable Armored Sheath - While in the Nightsoul's Blessing state, when Xilonen's Nightsoul points reach the maximum, she will trigger an effect equal to that of her Nightsoul Burst. This effect can be triggered once every 14 seconds. Additionally, when nearby party members trigger a Nightsoul Burst, Xilonen's defence is increased by 20% for 15 seconds.
Xilonen Normal Attack - Ehecatl's Roar
Xilonen performs up to three rapid strikes if tapping the normal attack button. Holding it down instead makes Xilonen consume stamina to perform a forward kick.
As with most plunging attacks, Xilonen strikes the ground below dealing AOE (Area of Effect) damage upon impact, and damaging any enemies caught on her path to the ground, with damaged scaled from Xilonen's defence stat.
Nightsoul's Blessing - Blade Roller
:
When in the Nightsoul's Blessing state, Xilonen will enter the Blade Roller mode. While in this mode, Xilonen's normal attacks will allow her to perform up to 4 kicks using her roller blades, but she will be unable to use charged attacks. When her normal and plunging attacks are used in this mode, they will switch to being based on her defence, and Xilonen will deal Nightsoul-aligned Geo Damage that can't be overridden.
Xilonen Elemental Skill - Yohual's Scratch
Xilonen switches to high-speed combat blading gear and rushes forward a certain distance before dealing Nightsoul-aligned Geo Damage based on her defence. After using this, Xilonen will gain 45 Nightsoul points and enter the Nightsoul's Blessing state. In this state, she will shift to the Blade Roller mode.
Source Samples
Xilonen has three Samplers with her that can generate different Soundscapes based on her other party members' Elemental Types, decreasing nearby opponents' corresponding Elemental Resistance while active.
The initial recorded Source Sample within each Sampler will be Geo, and for each party member who is Pyro, Hydro, Cryo, or Electro, one Geo Sample will change to that corresponding Element.
While Xilonen is in the Nightsoul's Blessing state, the Geo Source Sample she carries will always be active. After unlocking her Passive Talent, 'Netotiliztli's Echoes', Xilonen can trigger said Passive Talent's effects to regenerate Nightsoul points for herself. When her Nightsoul points hit the maximum, she will consume all her Nightsoul points and activate the three Source Samples she has on hand for 15 seconds.
When the Source Samples are active, nearby opponents' corresponding Elemental Resistance will decrease. Source Sample effects of the same Elemental Type cannot stack. Xilonen can trigger these effects even when off-field.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Nightsoul's Blessing: Xilonen
Xilonen continuously consumes Nightsoul points. When these points are depleted or if used again, this Nightsoul's Blessing state will end. This state has the following traits
Xilonen switches to the Blade Roller mode, increasing her Movement Speed and climbing speed, and she can perform high-speed leaps in Ocelot Form while climbing.
Xilonen's Nightsoul's Blessing has the following restrictions: When in this state, Xilonen's Nightsoul points have a 9 second time limit. After this limit passes, her Nightsoul points will immediately expire.
After Xilonen's Nightsoul points have expired while she is in the Nightsoul's Blessing state, she will no longer be able to generate Nightsoul points via the Passive Talent 'Netotiliztli's Echoes'.
Xilonen Elemental Burst - Ocelotlicue Point!
Xilonen activates the Phlogiston Stereo DJ Controller (Portable) at full power, dealing Nightsoul-aligned AOE Geo Damage based on Xilonen's Defence.
Additionally, Xilonen will trigger the following effects based on her different Source Samples:
If she has at least two Source Samples that have had their Elemental Types changed, Xilonen will play an Ebullient rhythm, healing nearby active characters at intervals based on her Defence.
If she has fewer than two Source Samples that have had their Elemental Types changed, Xilonen will start up an Ardent rhythm, which will play two additional beats that deal Nightsoul-aligned AOE Geo Damage based on her Defence.
Xilonen Talent materials
Mirror of Mushin. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
To get the most out of using Xilonen, you will have to level her skills up by using Talent materials, which vary from character-to-character.
You'll need to farm a lot of Whistle and Kindling materials (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade her capabilities, and as Xilonen has three Talents, you will have to spend three times the Talent materials listed below to fully upgrade all of her abilities, which we've also detailed below the table.
Here's what Xilonen Talent materials you need to improve one of her abilities:
Xilonen Talent level
Xilonen Talent materials
Mora cost
Level 2
x3 Teachings of Kindling, x6 Sentry's Wooden Whistle
12,500
Level 3
x2 Guide to Kindling, x3 Warrior's Metal Whistle
17,500
Level 4
x4 Guide to Kindling, x4 Warrior's Metal Whistle
25,000
Level 5
x6 Guide to Kindling, x6 Warrior's Metal Whistle
30,000
Level 6
x9 Guide to Kindling, x9 Warrior's Metal Whistle
37,500
Level 7
x4 Philosophies of Kindling, x4 Saurian-Crowned Warrior's Golden Whistle, x1 Mirror of Mushin
120,000
Level 8
x6 Philosophies of Kindling, x6 Saurian-Crowned Warrior's Golden Whistle, x1 Mirror of Mushin
260,000
Level 9
x12 Philosophies of Kindling, x9 Saurian-Crowned Warrior's Golden Whistle, x2 Mirror of Mushin
450,000
Level 10
x16 Philosophies of Kindling, x12 Saurian-Crowned Warrior's Golden Whistle, x2 Mirror of Mushin, x1 Crown of Insight
700,000
Here's what Talent Materials you'll need to fully upgrade
one
of Xilonen's skills:
x1 Crown of Insight
x3 Teachings of Kindling
x6 Sentry's Wooden Whistle
x6 Mirror of Mushin
x21 Guide to Kindling
x22 Warrior's Metal Whistle
x31 Saurian-Crowned Warrior's Golden Whistle
x38 Philosophies of Kindling
1,652,500 Mora
To upgrade all
three
of Xilonen's skills, here's all the Talent Materials you'll need:
x3 Crown of Insight
x9 Teachings of Kindling
x18 Sentry's Wooden Whistle
x18 Mirror of Mushin
x63 Guide to Kindling
x66 Warrior's Metal Whistle
x93 Saurian-Crowned Warrior's Golden Whistle
x114 Philosophies of Kindling
4,957,500 Mora
Version 6.4 Phase 2 sees the returning 5-Star
Skirk
and a rerun of
Escoffier
. 

So don't forget to redeem
new codes
for
Primogems
to help pull them, and check out our regularly updated
tier list
.

You need luck from the
Pity and 50/50 systems
to
Wish with Fate
for characters on
Banners
, and you always need the right
Adventure Rank
for events.

Elsewhere, we have
tips and tricks for beginners
.
Xilonen Ascension materials
Brilliant Chrysanthemum. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Just like Talents, you need to use Xilonen Ascension materials to upgrade her health, attack, defence, and critical hit effectiveness.
You'll need to farm a lot of Brilliant Chrysanthemum and Whistle materials for Xilonen (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade her capabilities.
Unlike Talent materials, you only need to spend the below Ascension materials once to fully raise Xilonen to her highest character level. There is also Acquaint Fate rewarded for reaching certain Ascension levels. You can spend this Fate on the
standard and beginner Banners
to Wish for characters and weapons.
Here's what Xilonen Ascension materials and Mora you need to upgrade her for each Ascension level:
Xilonen Ascension level
Xilonen Ascension materials
Mora cost
Ascension reward
Level 20
x1 Prithiva Topaz Sliver, x3 Brilliant Chrysanthemum, x3 Sentry's Wooden Whistle
20,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 40
x3 Prithiva Topaz Fragment, x2 Gold-Inscribed Secret Source Core, x10 Brilliant Chrysanthemum, x15 Sentry's Wooden Whistle
40,000
None
Level 50
x6 Prithiva Topaz Fragment, x4 Gold-Inscribed Secret Source Core, x20 Brilliant Chrysanthemum, x12 Warrior's Metal Whistle
60,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 60
x3 Prithiva Topaz Chunk, x8 Gold-Inscribed Secret Source Core, x30 Brilliant Chrysanthemum, x18 Warrior's Metal Whistle
80,000
None
Level 70
x6 Prithiva Topaz Chunk, x12 Gold-Inscribed Secret Source Core, x45 Brilliant Chrysanthemum, x12 Saurian-Crowned Warrior's Golden Whistle
100,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 80
x6 Prithiva Topaz Gemstone, x20 Gold-Inscribed Secret Source Core, x60 Brilliant Chrysanthemum, x24 Saurian-Crowned Warrior's Golden Whistle
120,000
None
In total, here's
all the Ascension Materials
you need for Xilonen in Genshin Impact:
x1 Prithiva Topaz Sliver
x6 Prithiva Topaz Gemstone
x9 Prithiva Topaz Fragment
x9 Prithiva Topaz Chunk
x18 Sentry's Wooden Whistle
x30 Warrior's Metal Whistle
x36 Saurian-Crowned Warrior's Golden Whistle
x46 Gold-Inscribed Secret Source Core
x168 Brilliant Chrysanthemum
420,000 Mora
Xilonen Constellations
By getting duplicates of Xilonen from wishing on her Banner, you will receive her Stella Fortuna. This material allows you to unlock Constellation levels, with each upgrade either improving an existing Talent or Passive ability.
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Here are all of
Xilonen's Constellations in Genshin Impact
:
Sabbatical Phrase (C1)
: Xilonen's Nightsoul point and Phlogiston consumption in her Nightsoul's Blessing state is decreased by 30%, and her Nightsoul point time limit is extended by 45%. Additionally, when Xilonen's Source Samples are active, she can also increase nearby active characters' interruption resistance.
Chiucue Mix (C2)
: Xilonen's Geo Source Samples will always remain active. Additionally, when her Source Samples activate, all nearby party members will gain effects corresponding to the active Source Sample that matches their Elemental Type:
Geo: Damage dealt +50%
Pyro: Attack +45%
Hydro: Max HP +45%
Cryo: Crit Damage +60%
Electro: Restore 25 Energy, and decrease Elemental Burst cooldown by 6 seconds.
Tonalpohualli's Loop (C3)
: Increases the Level of Xilonen's Elemental Skill by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Suchitl's Trance (C4)
: After Xilonen uses Yohual's Scratch, she will grant all nearby party members the Blooming Blessing effect for 15 seconds. Characters with Blooming Blessing deal 65% of Xilonen's Defence as increased normal, charged, and plunging attack damage. This effect will be removed after triggering six times or when the duration ends. When you hit more than one opponent, trigger counts will be consumed based on the number of opponents hit. The counts for each party member with Blooming Blessing are counted independently.
Tlaltecuhtli's Crossfade (C5)
: Increases the Level of Xilonen's Elemental Burst by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Imperishable Night Carnival (C6)
: When Xilonen is in the Nightsoul's Blessing state, when she sprints, leaps, or uses Normal or Plunging Attacks, she will gain Imperishable Night's Blessing, ignoring the limitations of her Nightsoul's Blessing state and increasing the damage dealt by her normal and plunging attacks for 5 seconds. During this time:
Xilonen's Nightsoul's Blessing time limit countdown will be paused. Here Nightsoul points, Phlogiston, and Stamina will not decrease, and when her Nightsoul points reach the maximum, her Nightsoul's Blessing state will not end either.
Xilonen deals 300% of her Defence as increased normal and plunging attack damage while in the Nightsoul's Blessing state.
She heals nearby party members for 120% of her defence every 1.5 seconds.
Xilonen can gain one Imperishable Night's Blessing once every 15 seconds.
Good luck levelling up Xilonen in Genshin Impact!