In Short
Xilonen is a 5-star Geo character in Genshin Impact and she is a Sword user.
She scales off of Defense and her best artifact set is the 4-piece Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City set.
She is a strong off-field Support with healing abilities and increases the Elemental Damage of allies.
Click Here to Add Beebom as a Trusted Source
Add as a preferred source on Google
Xilonen is a 5-star Geo character featuring in the 1st phase of Genshin Impact 5.1 and her kit is a solid support kit with additional healing for the party. She is a strong off-field Support and her kit increases the Elemental Damage of her allies by quite a lot. She however can only buff Elemental damage of Pyro, Hydro, Geo, Electro and Cryo characters. If you are interested in Xilonen in Genshin Impact, here is everything we know about Xilonen’s kit and her best build.
Genshin Impact Xilonen Build
Image Courtesy: Genshin Impact YouTube
Here is a quick overview of Xilonen’s best build in Genshin Impact:
Best Artifact
: Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City
Best Weapon
: Peak Patrol Song (5-star), Freedom Sworn (4-star)
Main Stats
: Defense % (Sands), Defense % (Goblet), and Healing Bonus (Circlet)
Sub Stats
: ER% (160-170) > Defense % > EM > (Optional) Crit Rate = Crit Damage
Best Team
: (Neuvillette, Furina, Kazuha, Xilonen), Most Hypercarry teams
Rating
: S-Tier Support
Learn more about Xilonen’s kit and best build below and also see her alternative options.
Xilonen: Weapon and Element Type
Image Courtesy: X/Genshin Impact
Xilonen is a 5-star Geo character
wielding a Sword
in Genshin Impact. Her kit is focused around Support by decreasing elemental resistances on enemies. Xilonen enters Nightsoul Blessing and she starts using her Rollerblades which increases her Speed and makes it much easier to climb, even allowing her to rest mid-climb. While in her Nightsoul Blessing state, she decreases enemy Elemental Resistance based on her allies’ elemental type.
Lore wise, Xilonen is
part of the Children of Echoes tribe
. She is a Name Engraver of the Nanatzcayan and a very skilled blacksmith. Her skill with the forge is renowned throughout Natlan. She however doesn’t care about her renown and fancy titles, instead focusing only on refining the ore. In version 5.1, Mavuika will task her with engraving an ancient name for the Traveler,
which is no small feat.
Genshin Impact Xilonen Release Date
Image Courtesy: Genshin Impact YouTube
Xilonen has been confirmed for Genshin Impact 5.1 banners
in the version 5.1 Livestream. Xilonen will feature in the first phase of version 5.1, which will be released on
October 9, 2024
. She will feature alongside Chiori, who will have her first rerun banner.
Genshin Impact Xilonen Kit and Best Rotation
Image Courtesy: Genshin Impact YouTube
Xilonen has an off-field Support-focused kit with additionally healing
abilities based on her Party composition. After using her Elemental Skill, she enters Nightsoul’s Blessing state and starts using her Roller blades with Source Samples. The Source Samples changes based on the elements used by her party member and it
decreases the enemy’s Elemental Resistance
based on it. Other than that, her Ultimate does good AoE Geo Damage and creates a field that either heals allies or deals damage to enemies based on the number of Source samples changed.
While in the Nightsoul’s Blessing state if Xilonen has at least 2 Source Samples that have had their Elemental Types changed, she gains 35 Nightsoul points when her Normal or Plunging Attacks hit opponents. The effect from her Source Samples
continues to work even while Xilonen is off-field
.
Xilonen’s elemental burst deals AoE Geo Damage, and creates a field that heals allies based on her Defense if atleast 2 Source Samples have been changed, or deals damage to enemies if less than 2 Source Samples have been changed.
Xilonen’s Elemental Skill allows her to use her Roller Blades, increasing her Movement and Climbing speed, while also preventing Stamina consumption while climbing.
During her Nightsoul blessing state, Xilonen’s Normal and Plunge attacks deal Geo Damage and she cannot use Charged attacks.
At max Nightsoul points, Xilonen can produce an effect similar to her Elemental Burst with her fourth Passive ability.
Her Source Samples reduces enemy elemental resistance based on her allies’ elemental types. This only works for elements — Pyro, Hydro, Electro and Cryo.
Xilonen Best Artifacts
Image Courtesy: In-game Screenshot
4-piece Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City
4-piece Obsidian Codex
The new Natlan support artifact set,
4-star Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City is the best Artifact set for Xilonen’s build
and also can be considered her only option for a support build. This artifact set increases the Elemental Damage of all Party members by 12% or 15 seconds. Additionally, if the wearer is in Nightsoul Blessing state, all party members gain another 28% Elemental Damage bonus for the Elemental Types involved in the reach for 20 seconds.
Other than that, the 4-piece Obsidian Codexries is a decent Artifact option for Xilonen if you want to use her as a DPS character. However, you should not be looking at any other set over Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City for the best Xilonen build in Genshin Impact.
Best Xilonen Stats: Main and Sub-Stats Priority
Xilonen is a standard Support with healing capabilities and she
mainly scales on Defense
, so for her best build stats the main stats you need to focus on is Defense and Energy Regeneration. Regarding Xilonen’s main stat priority, use Defense % Sands, Defense % Goblet, and Healing Bonus Circlet. For Sub-stats,
focus on adding Energy Regeneration until you hit 160-170% and
put the rest into Defense. For any other stat, prefer EM for stronger shields and Crit stats for more damage but these are not necessary and only
Artifact
Main / Sub-Stat
Flower
Flat HP / ER% > Defense % > EM > Crit Rate = Crit Damage
Feather
Flat ATK / ER% > Defense % > EM > Crit Rate = Crit Damage
Sands
Defense % / ER% > EM > Crit Rate = Crit Damage
Goblet
Defense % / ER% > EM > Crit Rate = Crit Damage
Circlet
Healing Bonus > Defense % / ER% > Defense % > EM > Crit Rate = Crit Damage
Genshin Impact Xilonen Talents
Image Courtesy: Genshin Impact YouTube
Ehecatl’s Roar (Normal Attack)
: She does 3 rapid strikes with her Normal attack combo. Her Charged attack consumes a fixed amount of Stamina to perform a forward kick and her Plunging attack damages opponents along the downward path and deals AoE Damage upon impact based on her Defense stat. When in the Nightsoul Blessing state, her Normal attacks perform up to 4 kick with her Roller Blades and she is unable to use Charged attacks. During this state, any damage dealt by her Normal and Plunge attacks will deal Nightsoul-aligned Geo damage based on her Defense and it cannot be overridden.
Yohual’s Scratch (Elemental Skill)
: Xilonen switches to her rolling blade gear and deals Nightsoul-aligned Geo damage based on her Defense to enemies after rushing forward for a certain distance. After using her skill, she gains 45 Nightsoul points and enters Nightsoul’s Blessing state.
– Source Samples:
In the Nightsoul blessing state, Xilonen gains 3 samplers that generates different Soundscapes based on her party members Elemental types. Initially recorded source sampler is always Geo, but it changes into Pyro/Hydro/Cryo/Electro for each party member with the corresponding elements. When her Nightsoul points hit the maximum, she will consume all her Nightsoul points and activate the 3 Source Samples she has on hand for 15s. When the Source Samples are active, nearby opponents’ corresponding Elemental RES will decrease. Source Sample effects of the same Elemental Type cannot stack and she can trigger these effects even when off-field.
–
Nightsoul’s Blessing Xilonen:
She continuously consumes Nightsoul points and when they are depleted or if used again, it ends the Nightsoul’s Blessing state. When in this state, she switches to the Blade Roller mode, increasing her movement and climbing speed, letting her perform high-speed leaps in Ocelot Form while climbing. Other than that, Xilonen’s Nightsoul points have a 9 seconds time limit. After this limit passes, her Nightsoul points will immediately expire.
Ocelotlicue Point! (Elemental Burst)
: She activates the Phlogiston Stereo DJ Controller (Portable) at full power, dealing Nightsoul-aligned AoE Geo DMG based on her Defense. Additionally, when Xilonen has at least 2 Source Samples that have had their Elemental Types changed, she plays an Ebullient rhythm, healing nearby active characters at intervals based on her Defense. If she has fewer than 2 Source Samples that have had their Elemental Types changed, Xilonen will start up an Ardent rhythm, which will play two additional beats that deal Nightsoul-aligned AoE Geo Damage based on her Defense.
Related Articles
Best Kinich Weapons in Genshin Impact (Ranked)
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Sep 17, 2024
Best Kinich Teams in Genshin Impact 5.0 (Ranked)
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Sep 17, 2024
New Genshin Impact Banner Leak Reveals Upcoming Natlan Characters
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Oct 1, 2024
Genshin Impact Xilonen Passives
Image Courtesy: Genshin Impact YouTube
Tour of Tepeihuitl
: Triggering Nightsoul Transmission restores 15 Phlogiston.
Night Realm’s Gift: Blessing of Forge-fire
: After her Nightsoul points are fully depleted, she switches to consuming Phlogiston to maintain her Nightsoul’s Blessing. While in an area with Phlogiston Mechanics within Natlan, she can use Nightsoul Transmission: Xilonen. When the active character is currently sprinting, climbing, in a movement mode caused by certain Talents, or at a certain height in the air, switching to Xilonen will make her enter the Nightsoul’s Blessing state and gain 20 Nightsoul points. In this situation, Xilonen’s Nightsoul points have a 4 second time limit, after which her Nightsoul points will immediately expire. After she uses Yohual’s Scratch within this time limit, her Nightsoul point time limit will be extended by 9 seconds. Nightsoul Transmission can be triggered once every 10 seconds by your own team. Additionally, while in Natlan, Xilonen will not consume Stamina when climbing while in the Nightsoul’s Blessing state.
Netotiliztli’s Echoes
: While in the Nightsoul’s Blessing state if Xilonen has at least 2 Source Samples that have had their Elemental Types changed, she gains 35 Nightsoul points when her Normal or Plunging Attacks hit opponents. This effect can be triggered once every 0.1 seconds. Additionally, if she has fewer than 2 Source Samples that have had their Elemental Types changed, her Normal and Plunging Attacks deal 30% increased Damage.
Portable Armored Sheath
: While in the Nightsoul’s Blessing state, when Xilonen’s Nightsoul points reach the maximum, she will trigger an effect equal to that of her Nightsoul Burst. This effect can be triggered once every 14 seconds. Additionally, when nearby party members trigger a Nightsoul Burst, Xilonen’s Defense is increased by 20% for 15 seconds.
Best Weapons for Xilonen
Image Courtesy: Genshin Impact YouTube
Peak Patrol Song (Signature)
Freedom Sworn
Favonius Sword
Flute of Ezpitzal
Cinnabar Spindle
Peak Patrol Song is the Signature Weapon for Xilonen
, and it is also her best Sword option. This weapon gives a Defense Bonus Effect. This weapon’s skill increases the wielder’s Defense by 8% and All Elemental Damage bonus by another 10% for 6 seconds. Other than that, the weapon also
increases all nearby party members’ All Elemental Damage by 8% for every 1000 Defense
of the equipped character, up to a maximum increase of 25.6% for 15 seconds. This makes this weapon one of the best Swords in Genshin Impact for Support characters and the perfect weapon for best Xilonen build.
The
Freedom Sworn
is the next best option for Xilonen’s best build. Other than that, you can also use the
Favonius Sword
, which is always a good 4-star Sword option. For f2p options, the new Natlan’s craftable Sword,
Flute of Ezpitzal
, appears to be the best option for Xilonen with
Cinnabar Spingdle
Sword being another decent option.
Genshin Impact Xilonen Constellations
Image Courtesy: Genshin Impact YouTube
Sabbatical Phrase (C1)
: Xilonen has a 30% reduced Nightsoul point and Phlogiston consumption in her Nightsoul’s Blessing state, and her Nightsoul point time limit is extended by 45%. Additionally, when her Source Samples are active, she increases nearby active characters’ interruption resistance.
Chiucue Mix (C2)
:
Xilonen’s Geo Source Sample always remains active. Additionally, when her Source Samples activate, all nearby party members gain effects corresponding to the active Source Sample that matches their Elemental Type — Geo: DMG +50%, Pyro: ATK +45%, Hydro: Max HP +45%, Cryo: CRIT DMG +60%, Electro: Restore 25 Energy and decreases Elemental Burst CD by 6 seconds.
Tonalpohualli’s Loop (C3)
: Elemental Skill level + 3 up to level 15 max.
Suchitl’s Trance (C4)
:
After Xilonen uses her Elemental Skill, she grants all nearby party members the Blooming Blessing effect for 15 seconds, which makes them deal 65% of Xilonen’s Defense as increased Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attack damage. This effect is removed after triggering 6 times (counted independently for each ally) or when the duration ends. When you hit more than one opponent, trigger counts will be consumed based on the number of opponents hit.
Tlaltecuhtli’s Crossfade (C5)
: Elemental Burst level + 3 up to level 15 max.
Imperishable Night Carnival (C6)
: When Xilonen is in the Nightsoul’s Blessing state, if she sprints, leaps, or uses Normal or Plunging Attacks, she gains Imperishable Night’s Blessing, ignoring the limitations of her Nightsoul’s Blessing state and increasing the Damage dealt by her Normal and Plunging Attacks for 5 seconds. During this time, her Nightsoul’s Blessing time limit countdown will be paused. Xilonen’s Nightsoul points, Phlogiston, and Stamina will not decrease, and when her Nightsoul points reach the maximum, while her Nightsoul’s Blessing state does not end either. She deals 300% of her Defense as increased Normal and Plunging Attack Damage while in the Nightsoul’s Blessing state. She heals nearby party members for 120% of her Defense every 1.5 seconds. Xilonen can gain 1 Imperishable Night’s Blessing once every 15 seconds.
Xilonen’s constellations are very strong
and both her C1 and C2 are really important for her kit. Her C1 gives Interruption Resistance to her allies, allowing her to replace Zhongli in many of his teams. Her C2 massively increases the damage capabilities of her allies, making it a really good upgrade. Other than that, Xilonen’s E4 is also very strong and worth going for if you want to maximize the damage output of the team. Share your thoughts on Xilonen’s best build in the comment section and let us know if you are going to pull her in Genshin Impact 5.1.
#Tags
#Genshin Impact
Sanmay Chakrabarti
An old soul who loves CRPGs and Souls-Like to death. Takes pleasure in simplifying "Complex and Hard" games for casual players with tailored guides and videos. He loves to explore new places, read fantasy fiction, watch anime, and create wacky character builds in his off time. He also loves solving puzzles,  and is proud of maintaining his long winning streak on NYT Connections.
Comments
0
Leave a Reply
Cancel reply
Add new comment
Name
Email ID
Δ
Loading comments...
Recommended Articles
Genshin Impact Varka Build, Kit, Teams and Materials
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Jahoda Build: Teams, Artifacts and Weapons
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Illuga Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Columbina Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Best Zibai Build in Genshin Impact: Teams, Weapons, and More
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Instructor Set: How to Effectively Farm Artifacts
Sanmay Chakrabarti
Genshin Impact Luna V Guide: Leaks, Characters, and Release Date
Sanmay Chakrabarti
More In Gaming
Marvel Rivals Error Codes and How to Fix Them
Ajith Kumar
How to Get Ben 10 Skins in Fortnite
Pranav Maytray
Sailor Piece Best Luck Build
Ishan Adhikary
Pokemon TCG Pocket Pulsing Aura Set Card List
Arnamoy Das
How to Get Fortnite Bloons TD 6 Sidekick for Free
Pranav Maytray
Assassin's Creed Black Flag Resynced System Requirements (Minimum and Recommended)
Ajith Kumar
Anime Vanguards Tier List (April 2026) – Best Units Ranked
Ishan Adhikary