Task Search
Checklists
Guides
Markers
Videos
Sort and Filter
No Results
Checklists
New Checklist
All Lists
My Checklists
All
All Lists
My Checklists
How creative can you get with your first free checklist?
Create a free account
All Interactive Maps and Locations
Genshin Impact Kazuha Build Guide - Best Weapons, Artifacts, and Teams
By
Cedric Pabriga
,
Jen Rothery
,
Triforce
,
+30 more
Updated
:
Jun 4, 2024 1:42am UTC
Kazuha is the first Inazuma-born character we were introduced to in Genshin Impact, and regularly accompanies Beidou and The Crux on trips and missions. In terms of gameplay, he is the most popular 5-star Anemo support character in the game when it comes to challenging endgame content. This guide to the best Genshin Impact Kazuha build will explain the best weapons, artifact sets, constellations, and team compositions for Kazuha.
File:Kazuha-splash-genshin.png
Kazuha
Rarity:
★★★★★
Element:
Anemo
Weapon:
Sword
Table of Contents:
How to Get Kazuha
Kazuha Gameplay Overview
Kazuha Talents and Attack Combos
Kazuha Constellation Analysis
Kazuha's Best Weapons
Kazuha's Best Artifacts
Kazuha's Best Teams
How to Get Kazuha in Genshin Impact
Kazuha is a limited 5-star character, meaning he can only be acquired on rerun banners. Your only option is to wait until he comes back around for a chance to snag him.
Genshin Kazuha Gameplay Overview
Element:
Anemo
Weapon:
Sword
Rarity:
5-star
Kazuha is an off-field Anemo buffing and debuffing support focused on maximizing the power of your Pyro, Electro, Hydro, and Cryo (PECH) DPS characters. Not only does he shred enemy resistances with the Viridescent Venerer artifact set, but he also buffs teammates of swirled elements.
Discussing Kazuha’s team compositions is difficult; not because Kazuha is exceptionally complicated, but because he is ubiquitous. In almost every case where you need an Anemo teammate, Kazuha is one of, if not the best possible choice. His enemy grouping is strong enough to even pull multiple heavy enemies to a central point and can keep enemies in restricted areas where they might otherwise wander off, such as Bennett’s Burst circle that buffs your team. In short, there is no ‘niche’ for Kazuha; he is valuable (nearly) everywhere.
Not only does he have good buffing, debuffing, and crowd control. He also can regularly apply the elements of his teammates to other enemies through his Burst, giving one element’s application a boost. This helps you maintain consistent elemental reactions even when the team is cramped and can’t afford multiple applicators of the same element.
For more information on elemental reactions, check out the comprehensive guide
here
.
Kazuha only needs to focus on two stats: Elemental Mastery and Energy Recharge. His Energy Recharge needs are quite high – between 180% and 220% without help from weapon passives or teammates. Once recharge needs are met, push Kazuha’s Elemental Mastery stat as high as it will possibly go, since this stat is responsible for buffing, the damage from Swirl reactions, and damage from transformative reactions he can trigger like Hyperbloom.
Overall, almost every account is made better just by having a single copy of Kazuha. He is a high-priority pull and is useful in nearly every cycle of Spiral Abyss. Your primogems will not be wasted when rolling for him.
Stats Worth Consideration
ER%
: Aim for 180%-220%. You can settle for less if using Favonius Sword or Xiphos’ Moonlight.
EM:
For buffing, transformative reactions, and Swirl damage.
Genshin Kazuha Talents and Attack Combos
Your talent-levelling priority should be Burst > Skill = Normal Attack
Normal Attack:
Garyuu Bladework
Kazuha’s Normal Attacks may not seem good at first, but the talent is actually quite useful due to his tendency to frequently Plunge Attack after every Skill use, which uses the Normal Attack talent scaling. You won’t be using Normal Attacks often, but it’s a perfectly fine talent to level. Just don’t make it the top priority.
Elemental Skill:
Chihayaburu
Kazuha’s Skill has a tap and hold effect. The tap allows Kazuha to absorb a PECH element while jumping, then while in mid-air, Kazuha can do a special Plunge Attack and apply the element to surrounding enemies while damaging them. During the initial jump, it gently pulls enemies closer to the jumping point. The tap version of this Skill can even be used in mid-air, allowing Kazuha to double-jump in the open world.
The Hold version of the Skill delays the jump by summoning extra Anemo energy around him in exchange for much more pulling power/enemy grouping and more energy particles. The hold skill also allows stronger Anemo application in cases where you need to “double-swirl” for two elements. This is especially useful in Freeze and Electro-Charged teams.
The cooldown for the Tap version is shorter than the Hold version, so its often best to use tap, but for the reasons described above, use Hold. More Skill uses per rotation means more energy and shorter field time. In teams where you quickly swap between characters, you can use Kazuha’s Tap Skill multiple times per rotation.
An important note: Kazuha’s Skill has a specific priority in elements that are absorbed during its use. If there are multiple elements present for Swirling, he will prioritize Pyro above all else, then Hydro, Electro, and Cryo, in that order. This means that you will need to be careful and keep watch on the elemental auras on enemies if you’re trying to get a specific absorption on his Skill.
Elemental Burst:
Kazuha Slash
The Burst is the largest portion of Kazuha’s damage profile, deserving your priority when it comes to resource investment. When used, Kazuha creates a cylindrical wall of Anemo energy plus an absorbed element (with the same absorption priorities as the Skill). The area-of-effect will deal both Anemo damage and damage of the absorbed element. Damage will be dealt up to five times after the initial slash, granting six total potential Swirls.
Remember again, you must be careful with the elemental aura on Kazuha or nearby enemies if you want to control what element is being absorbed. If you’re running a Cryo DPS and you want your Cryo DPS to deal the most damage, you want to prioritize swirling Pyro for the application and to not steal reactions from your DPS. This is also important when fighting enemies with elemental immunities, like slimes, abyss lectors/heralds, and abyss mages. Absorbing the right element could rapidly eliminate elemental shields, but absorbing the wrong element can make your fights slower and clunkier.
Kazuha’s Burst also has a short cooldown of 15s, allowing him to participate in teams with shorter rotations. The shorter a rotation is, the higher the DPS usually is.
Kazuha
Passives
Next, come his passives.
His first ascension passive is responsible for the Skill’s elemental absorption on the initial jump of its use.
Kazuha's fourth ascension, for 8s each instance, increases the team’s elemental DMG% bonus for every element Kazuha Swirls by 0.04% of his Elemental Mastery. The average fully built Kazuha will have just below 800 Elemental Mastery, giving the team 30+% DMG bonus. This is almost like putting an extra on-element Goblet artifact on your whole team! This can stack for multiple elements, too.
Finally, his exploration passive reduces stamina consumption of sprinting by 20%, which doesn’t stack with other character passives regarding sprinting.
Kazuha’s field time should be executed as such:
Kazuha Skill
Kazuha Burst
Swap to someone else
Genshin Kazuha Constellation Analysis
Kazuha is a fully functional character at C0 and does not need help with constellations. However, for the maximum bonus, you can aim for C2 and call it a day or go all the way C6. Don’t worry about the other constellations.
Constellation Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
C1. Scarlet Hills
Decreases Skill cooldown by 10%. Bursting resets the Skill cooldown entirely.
This is a fun constellation, but not necessarily a DPS boost, since spending more time on field with Kazuha can extend rotations and by extension lower overall team DPS, but it significantly improves his crown-control abilities when needed, and allows players to be more liberal with the Hold version of his Skill.
C2. Yamaarashi Tailwind
Bursting increases Kazuha’s Elemental Mastery by 200 for its duration. Teammates within the Burst area will also have their Elemental Mastery increased by 200.
The main advantage Sucrose has over Kazuha is the fact that Sucrose can share about 200 Elemental Mastery with her teammates, which can make reactions significantly stronger. Before C2, Kazuha and C6 Sucrose are fairly comparable, save for Kazuha’s superior grouping. Now, though, Kazuha surpasses Sucrose in basically every way.
C3. Maple Monogatari
Increase Skill talent level by 3.
Honestly not much to see here. His Skill is not important to his damage profile.
C4. Oozora Genpou
Using Skill regenerates 3 (tap) or 4 (hold) energy for Kazuha if his energy is below 45. While gliding, Kazuha regenerates 2 energy per second.
The gliding part is mostly irrelevant, but if you have C4, you also have C1, so you can Skill, Burst, Skill for tons of energy. Helps reduce ER needs, but doesn’t necessarily contribute to damage.
C5. Wisdom of Bansei
Increases Burst talent level by 3.
Buffing the best aspect of his kit is certainly something we can enjoy. Not worth pulling for on its own, though.
C6. Crimson Momiji
Whenever using a Skill or Burst, Kazuha gains an Anemo infusion on his sword for 5s. Every point of Elemental Mastery Kazuha has buffs his Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attacks by 0.2%.
This constellation turns Kazuha into an on-field DPS, if you’d like to play him that way. The short 6s cooldown on Tap Skill and 15s cooldown on Burst effectively gives Kazuha endless Anemo infusion, which can be used to create tons of elemental reactions and reliably reduce elemental resistance for off-field DPS units to deal more damage.
Genshin Kazuha's Best Weapons
Kazuha’s only wants Elemental Mastery and/or Energy Recharge weapons. Luckily, Kazuha has options at every level of investment, from wishless (truly free), common banner 4-stars, or his signature weapon.
Weapon Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
Freedom-Sworn
198 EM
Increases DMG by 10%. Gain a stack when triggering an Elemental Reaction. When there are two stacks, both are depleted and for 12s, the team gains +16% Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attack damage and 20% ATK. The cooldown on this passive is 20s.
SITUATIONAL Best-in-Slot
While his technically-best weapon is Freedom-Sworn, his limited signature weapon, it assumes you can fully satisfy Kazuha’s ER requirements, which can skyrocket if he’s the only Anemo character on your team and receives no Favonius weapon particles or outside help. For many players, his ER needs may just not be possible to satisfy, so there are much fewer real cases in which Freedom Sworn is best in practice, compared to in theory.In the vast majority of cases, I would recommend R5 Xiphos’ Moonlight if you can get it, or just use Favonius Sword.
Xiphos’ Moonlight (R1-R5)
165 EM
The following effect will trigger every 10s: The equipping character will gain 0.036-0.072% (R1-R5) Energy Recharge for each point of Elemental Mastery they possess for 12s, with nearby party members gaining 30% of this buff for the same duration. Multiple instances of this weapon can allow this buff to stack. This effect will still trigger even if the character is not on the field.
Tied Best-in-Slot; Limited 4-Star
An R5 Xiphos’ Moonlight is, in practice, usually Kazuha’s ideal weapon choice. It incentivizes building lots of Elemental Mastery by rewarding it with Energy Recharge. At 800 EM and R5, this gives Kazuha an incredible 57.6% Energy Recharge bonus. Even at R1, this is still almost 30% Energy Recharge. The fact that this also gives the whole team a portion of that Energy Recharge is just icing on the cake. A magnificent 4-star weapon.
Favonius Sword
61.3% ER
CRIT Hits have a 60-100% (R1-R5) chance to generate a small amount of Elemental Particles, which will regenerate 6 Energy for the character. Can only occur once every 12-6s (R1-R5).
Standard Banner Support Option
Favonius weapons are exceptional support weapons due to their ability to generate energy for the team and reducing Energy Recharge requirements significantly. However, it is slightly less useful for Kazuha because it requires Kazuha to build CRIT Rate when the substats can instead go towards his main stats for buffing and Bursting.
Sacrificial Sword (R5)
61.3% ER
After damaging an opponent with an Elemental Skill, the skill has a 80% chance to end its own CD. Can only occur once every 16s.
Favonius Alternative
High refinements are required on Sacrificial Sword due to the odds of refreshing cooldown and the cooldown on the weapon passive itself. Kazuha usually works in 20s rotation teams, but he can go down to 15s rotations. In order for Sac Sword’s passive to be valuable, it needs to be able to trigger once per rotation.
Fleuve Cendre Ferryman (R5)
45.9% ER
Increases Elemental Skill CRIT Rate by 16%. Additionally, increases Energy Recharge by 32% for 5s after using an Elemental Skill.
Totally Free Option
If you can’t get the other weapons, get ready to fish! This is a fine budget option for any Sword-wielder that relies heavily on having high Energy Recharge.
Genshin Kazuha's Best Artifacts
Sands
– EM or ER%
Goblet
– EM
Circlet
– EM
There’s really only one valuable option for Kazuha in terms of artifacts, and that is the Viridescent Venerer set. There are no substitutes.
If you want to play cheesier playstyles, you can run Thundering Fury in reaction heavy teams so he can constantly spam his Skill, but this sacrifices the elemental resistance shred from VV which is more widely applicable.
Artifact Set Name
Abbreviated In-Game Description
Notes
4pc Viridescent Venerer
2pc: 15% Anemo DMG.
4pc: Increases Swirl DMG by 60%. Decreases opponent's Elemental RES to the element infused in the Swirl by 40% for 10s.
Best-in-Slot
This is the default set option for nearly every Anemo character, and you’ll need extremely good reason to take something else in place of this. Resistance shred is a very rare debuff and contributes a lot to team DPS.
Genshin Kazuha's Best Teams
The problem with writing Kazuha’s teams is that every team that emphasizes a Pyro, Hydro, Cryo, or Electro DPS wants Kazuha. Whether it’s Electro-Charged, Vaporize, Melt, Freeze, or Aggravate teams, Kazuha does it all. He is also the de facto choice for mono element teams in Pyro, Hydro, Cryo, and Electro.
Even in teams with transformative reactions like Hyperbloom that deal Dendro damage (which doesn’t get Swirled), Kazuha is great due to his ability to stack Elemental Mastery and trigger reactions on his own.
Kazuha has the Bennett problem, in which Bennett has too many teams to list. The only requirement for Bennett is that the DPS needs to scale with ATK. For Kazuha, the DPS just needs to be Pyro, Electro, Hydro, or Cryo.
Below is just an oversimplified lost of viable teams, but the possibilities are much greater than this.
Guide Character
Teammate 1
Teammate 2
Teammate 3
Tartaglia (Childe)
Xiangling
Bennett
Fischl
Beidou
Xingqiu
Rosaria
Shenhe
Bennett
Fischl
Keqing
Yaoyao
Lyney
Zhongli
Bennett
Ayaka
Kokomi
Rosaria
Raiden Shogun
Kujou Sara
Bennett
Yelan
Kokomi
Furina
Nahida
Shinobu
Xingqiu
Faruzan
Jean
Bennett
Up Next:
Kaedehara Kazuha Ascension Materials
Previous
Jean Guide - Best Builds and Tips
Next
Kaedehara Kazuha Ascension Materials
Top Guide Sections
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna IV Release Time and Details
Genshin Impact Luna III Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna II Release Date and Details
Was this guide helpful?
Leave feedback
In This Guide
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Initial Release:
Sep 27, 2020
+2
Learn more
Go to comments