Top 10 Best Weapons For Kazuha In Genshin Impact (2023)
Muhammad Kumar
-
Jan 13, 2023
|
Mobile Games
Kazuha is a powerful support in Genshin, and with a good weapon, he can boost the damage of your team massively. Here are the 10 best swords for Kazuha.
WGenshin Impact 3.4: Yaoyao Ascension And Talent Materials Farming Guide
Top 10 Best Teammates For Nahida In Genshin Impact (2023)
Best 4-Star Liyue Characters To Get For Free In Genshin Lantern Rite 3.4
Kazuha is a 5-star Anemo Sword character that provides strong crowd control, team buffs, and Elemental application. While he does not need high investment to support, having a good sword on Kazuha would allow him to deal much higher damage.
In this article, Gurugamer is going to showcase the top 10 best weapons for Kazuha in Genshin Impact 2023.
1. Freedom-Sworn
Freedom-Sworn is almost always Kazuha’s best weapon. It can be his highest personal DPS weapon in some teams, and the buffs it offers can boost his teammates’ damage significantly. Even with limited uptime on its passive’s buffs, the EM substat is already enough to justify using it over most other options.
It can deal a little bit more damage than an R5 Iron Sting at R1.
Freedom Sworn works on all Kazuha builds, both on-field and off-field.
Is Freedom Sworn good on characters other than Kazuha?
All support sword users can likely use freedom sworn to some extent if the passive works to apply the bonus to the active character and not the support.
2. Iron Sting
Kazuha’s best 4-star option in teams with low Energy Recharge requirements. Iron Sting’s EM secondary stat allows Kazuha to buff his teammates more while also providing some respectable damage. Iron Sting isn’t too far behind Freedom-Sworn in terms of personal damage, and it can provide greater team utility than all other 5-star options.
Iron Sting is also useful on other sword characters in Bloom teams like Xingqiu.
3. Favonius Sword
A great option for Kazuha when needing more ER. With an EM Sands, Favonius Sword performs better than Iron Sting and an ER Sands, especially when taking into consideration the particles it generates for his teammates. When Kazuha’s ER requirement is lower than 160%, Favonius Sword becomes less valuable than weapons with an EM secondary stat like Iron Sting.
The Favonius Sword would solve the ER problem of your Kazuha.
4. Xiphos’ Moonlight
Can become Kazuha’s best 4-star option at higher refinements. With the Energy Recharge it gives Kazuha and his teammates, Xiphos’ Moonlight maximizes Kazuha’s buffing potential by lowering his ER requirements while also providing EM through its secondary stat. Since it is difficult to obtain, Favonius Sword or Iron Sting can be more accessible options that provide either ER or EM.
Xiphos's Moonlight is actually better than both Iron Sting and Favonius, but much harder to obtain.
5.  Skyward Blade
Skyward Blade lets Kazuha use an EM Sands instead of an ER Sands. While providing a small damage increase over 4-star ER options, the passives on most 4-star ER swords make this option less favorable in almost all situations.
Another ER sword - it requires a much higher level of investment compared to the 4 star options.
6. Sacrificial Sword
Sacrificial Sword ideally allows Kazuha another cast of his Skill, thereby increasing his personal damage. However, the field time he takes from other members of his team could lower overall team DPS. Like with his C1, more consideration should be taken depending on the team Kazuha is in. For DPS characters that have built-in downtime (like Childe or Hu Tao), Sacrificial Sword doesn’t pose as much of a problem.
Another ER option that players might already have on their other characters.
7. Toukabou Shigure
Basically the same as Iron Sting, except slightly better in single-target scenarios and slightly worse in multi-target situations. Nonetheless, it does match Kazuha’s outfit if that is an important aspect of his gameplay to you.
Toukabou Shigure's bonus damage still works when Kazuha is off-field.
8. Festering Desire
Although Festering Desire can help fulfill Kazuha’s ER requirements, its passive isn’t as useful as other options with ER secondary stats since Kazuha’s Elemental Skill DMG comprises only a sliver of his total damage (his A1 passive and Anemo-infused Plunge Attack do not benefit from Festering Desire’s passive).
Kazuha with the Festering Desire in-story.
9. Sapwood Blade
Not recommended in teams without Dendro. Its passive at R5 can be beneficial in teams where Kazuha can trigger Dendro-related reactions. However, its lower ER secondary stat can make this option less desirable than Favonius Sword if Kazuha has a higher ER requirement. Nonetheless, providing 120 EM through its passive at R5 while also helping meet Kazuha’s Energy needs makes this a viable option in Dendro-related reaction teams.
The Sumeru weapons can actually be used in Dendro teams for that extra EM bonus.
10. Dark Iron Sword
Kazuha’s best 3-star option. It is only slightly worse than Iron Sting in terms of Kazuha’s personal damage, but requires Kazuha to trigger an Electro-based Elemental Reaction. Furthermore, it provides lower EM than Iron Sting, limiting Kazuha’s buffing potential. Only recommended for newer players or those who do not have or will not use billets.
If you are new to Genshin and don't have any other option, even a 3-star weapon can work.
>>> Read more:
Complete Guide For Xiao In Genshin Impact 3.4: Best Talents, Builds, Team Comps
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
#Genshin Impact Guide
#Genshin Impact Weapons
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025