Task Search
Checklists
Guides
Markers
Videos
Sort and Filter
No Results
Checklists
New Checklist
All Lists
My Checklists
All
All Lists
My Checklists
How creative can you get with your first free checklist?
Create a free account
All Interactive Maps and Locations
Genshin Dendro Traveler Build: Best Weapons, Artifact, and Team
By
Cedric Pabriga
,
Jen Rothery
,
Triforce
,
+30 more
Updated
:
Dec 13, 2022 3:50pm UTC
Looking for the
Genshin Impact Dendro Traveler build
? The Dendro Traveler, just like the past iterations of the Traveler, is a sub DPS that provides effects for his teammates. This time, you're wielding the power of Dendro to be the catalyst of Dendro reactions in the team.
Elemental Mastery is a very important part of the Dendro Traveler's stats as well as their ability to provide elemental mastery to the active character. This opens up more possibilities for teams that focus around triggering a bunch of elemental reactions such as quickswap teams.
Table of Contents
Best Dendro Traveler Build: Summary
Best Genshin Dendro Traveler Team Composition
Best Genshin Dendro Traveler Weapons
Best Genshin Dendro Traveler Artifacts
Genshin Impact Dendro Traveler Build: Summary
Best Dendro MC Build
Weapon:
Sacrificial Sword
OR
Freedom-Sworn
Artifacts:
Deepwood Memories 4pc
OR
Gilded Dreams 4pc
Sands:
Energy Recharge%
OR
Elemental Mastery
Goblet:
Elemental Mastery
Circlet:
Elemental Mastery
The Dendro Traveler is a sub DPS character capable of providing elemental mastery to the active characters and being the catalyst for a lot of Dendro reactions. Not just that, their Elemental Burst also seems to be a good burst, all in all, being able to provide damage and constant Dendro application if need be.
As you level up the Dendro Traveler, you unlock more of their passive talents. Their passive talent, Verdant Overgrowth, will allow them to increase the Elemental Mastery of the active character within its AoE while Verdant Luxury increases the damage of their elemental skill and elemental burst for every point of Elemental Mastery. Needless to say, Elemental Mastery is going to play a pivotal role if you're going to use the Dendro Traveler.
For constellations, you'd want to get at least C4 as that will increase the elemental mastery boost quickly without having to wait for almost the whole duration of the skill just to receive the full buff.
For more details on the Dendro Traveler's skills, see
Dendro Traveler's Release Date, Skills, Talents, and Constellations!
Best Genshin Dendro Traveler Team Composition
The Dendro Traveler lies in a very unique spot, especially in the early release of Sumeru where there are limited Dendro characters that can do consistent dendro applications. This means that if your party needs a dendro sub DPS, the Dendro Traveler should already be at the top of that list. Because of this, the Dendro Traveler fits a lot of team compositions.
An interesting team composition that includes the Dendro Traveler is a taser team:
Yelan/Xingqiu
Dendro Traveler
Sucrose
Kokomi
Taser teams are mostly comprised of the Electro and Hydro combo, but with the Dendro element entering the fray, it might actually be another type of team entirely. This composition works just as a taser team would, but it's going to take advantage of the Bloom and Hyperbloom reaction instead of the electro-charged reaction.
What you want to do in this team composition is to make sure you always have Yelan's or Xingqiu's Bursts up as well as the Dendro Traveler's, then you want to change to Sucrose to "tase" the enemies with your water swords while the Dendro Traveler's lamp hits them with Dendro thus performing the Bloom reaction and then more Hydro for the Hyperbloom. Rinse and repeat.
Best Genshin Dendro Traveler Weapons
With the Dendro Traveler's emphasis on Elemental Mastery, you want to pump that up as much as you can. However, there are also other weapons that should be considered even if they don't have the Elemental Mastery sub stat.
Name
Attribute
In-Game Description
Iron Sting
Elemental Mastery
Dealing Elemental DMG increases all DMG by 6% for 6 seconds. Max 2 stacks. Can only occur once every 1 second.
Sacrificial Sword
Energy Recharge
After dealing damage to an opponent with an Elemental Skill, the skill has a 40% chance to end its own CD. Can only occur once every 30 seconds.
Freedom-Sworn
Elemental Mastery
A part of the "Millennial Movement" that wanders amidst the winds.
Increases DMG by 10%.
When the character wielding this weapon triggers Elemental Reactions, they gain a Sigil of Rebellion. This effect can be triggered once every 0.5 seconds and can be triggered even if said character is not on the field.
When you possess 2 Sigils of Rebellion, all of them will be consumed and all nearby party members will obtain "Millennial Movement: Song of Resistance" for 12 seconds.
"Millennial Movement: Song of Resistance" increases Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attack DMG by 16% and increases ATK by 20%. Once this effect is triggered, you will not gain Sigils of Rebellion for 20 seconds.
Of the many effects of the "Millennial Movement," buffs of the same type will not stack.
If you're aiming for F2P, the best bet you have is the Iron Sting as this provides Elemental Mastery as well as some Elemental Damage increase. The Freedom-Sworn also comes with the same sub stat and with a much more team-oriented effect.
Sacrificial Sword is another viable weapon as this may reset the cooldown of your elemental skill for more Dendro application as well as more energy recharge which could mean that you can activate more Elemental Bursts.
Best Genshin Dendro Traveler Artifacts
There are three artifact sets that best fit the Dendro Traveler's playstyle. One is Deepwood Memories, the other is Gilded Dreams, and the last one is Emblem of Severed Fate. For main stats, if you feel like you're always out of energy, you might want to go for ER% Sands, EM Goblet, EM Circlet. Otherwise, you can go for a full Elemental Mastery set.
Set Name
2-Piece
4-Piece
Deepwood Memories
Dendro DMG Bonus +15%
After Elemental Skills or Bursts hit opponents, the targets' Dendro RES will be decreased by 30% for 8 seconds. This effect can be triggered even if the equipping character is not on the field.
Gilded Dreams
Elemental Mastery +80
Within 8 seconds of triggering an Elemental Reaction, the character equipping this will obtain buffs based on the Elemental Type of the other party members, ATK is increased by 14% for each party member whose Elemental Type is the same as the equipping character, and Elemental Mastery is increased by 50 for every party member with a different Elemental Type.
Each of the aforementioned buff will count up to 3 characters. This effect can be triggered once every 8 seconds. The character who equips this can still trigger its effects when not on the field.
Emblem of Severed Fate
Energy Recharge +20%
Increases Elemental Burst DMG by 25% of Energy Recharge. A maximum of 75% bonus DMG can be obtained in this way.
Up Next:
Genshin Albedo Guide - Best Builds and Tips
Previous
Dendro Traveler Ascension Materials Guide
Next
Genshin Albedo Guide - Best Builds and Tips
Top Guide Sections
Genshin Impact Luna VI Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna IV Release Time and Details
Genshin Impact Luna III Details and Patch Notes
Genshin Impact Luna II Release Date and Details
Was this guide helpful?
Leave feedback
In This Guide
Genshin Impact
HoYoverse
Initial Release:
Sep 27, 2020
+2
Learn more
Go to comments