Meet
Baizhu
, the cunning pharmacist who can manipulate the power of Dendro with his snake companion. Whether you need healing, shielding, or setting up reactions, Baizhu has you covered with his versatile skills. However, don’t expect him to be a damage dealer, as he prefers to support his allies from the backline. Equip him with HP artifacts and a catalyst to unleash his full potential. Baizhu is ready to join your adventure in Teyvat!
Contents
Baizhu’s Best Teams in Genshin Impact 3.6
Quicken Teams
Bloom Teams
Baizhu has finally been released in Version 3.6 of Genshin Impact and in this article we will discuss which teams could use him best along with a few characters he synergises well with. Keep reading to learn more about this helpful doctor.
Baizhu’s Best Teams in Genshin Impact 3.6
Baizhu is a versatile support character who can heal, shield, and apply Dendro with ease. He is best suited for team compositions that focus on Dendro reactions and can benefit from his HP scaling. However, he lacks personal damage and needs a lot of energy recharge to maintain his burst. He also struggles in crowded fights where his Dendro application and shield are not enough.
As such he shines in scenarios and teams which are focused on single-target damage or have a maximum of about 3-4 opponents on the field. Below we will discuss teammates he synergises well with in both Bloom and Quicken teams.
Quicken Teams
In Quicken teams, he can be a valuable support for all current meta Dendro-centred DPSs. This means he will benefit
Alhaitham
,
Tighnari
,
Yae Miko
and even
Cyno
. Cyno especially benefits highly from Baizhu’s interruption resisting paper thin shields but that doesn’t mean you won’t need to dodge now and then. While he may be an overall decrease in the team dmg he certainly alleviates those who are struggling with survivability.
Bloom Teams
Baizhu synergises well with Yae Miko and Alhaitham on Bloom teams. He can even be useful to units like Childe and Ayato who are good Hydro drivers on these teams. One thing to note however is that he isn’t suited for Burgeon teams as his AoE Dendro application is very poor and Burgeon itself is more of an AoE reaction. Additionally, while he is viable for Nilou teams, Yao Yao might just be the better pick in Nilou comps due to her widespread AoE Dendro application and Bloom core creation.
Baizhu is a great healer and Dendro enabler, but he needs proper teammates and equipment to shine. That said, the community has felt his impact on the game underwhelming and for good reason. While there are no complaints about his healing, his Dendro application and AoE range is just too sub-par for him to be a long-lasting unit in the Dendro meta.