Best Team Compositions For Baizhu In Genshin Impact
By
Christopher Argentino
Published
May 13, 2023, 6:15 PM EDT
Since Chris started gaming on his first PS1, he's been starstruck by the advancements in gaming, and he can't wait to try every last game.
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
As an avid player of
Genshin Impact
, you know that one of the most crucial parts of the game is acquiring the correct characters for your team. Now if you unlocked Baizhu and were wondering how to create the best team around your new team member, fear not, as we've compiled a list of team compositions that work exceptionally well with Baizhu.
Related:
Genshin Impact: The Best Healing Characters To Use
In this article, we'll discuss five different team compositions to ensure you get the most out of Baizhu and the teammates you'll be placing on the field. So don't worry if you don't have many 5-star characters. We've got you covered.
5
Baizhu - Dendro Traveler - Barbara - Xingqiu
One of the most critical aspects of Genshin is your willingness to spend Fates on wishes and hoping to strike gold with the character you most wanted. But sometimes, you'll find that you are out of luck and won't pick up any 5-star characters with your first tries, which means you won't have any to add to your team.
For this reason why we wanted to start nice and easy with a 4-star composition to add to your newly acquired Baizhu.
First, the best thing about this composition is that you'll be rocking a dual Elemental Resonance, Dendro, and Hydro. This Elemental Resonance will be helpful for shoveling loads of damage when you active Bloom.
Remember you also have two healers on hand, so you'll beat your foes while ensuring everyone is safe and sound. Thank us later when you realize how overpowered this team is.
4
Baizhu - Xingqiu - Xiangling - Noelle
Let's spice things up by having no Elemental Resonance on the field but rather a team composed of four characters with their own Elemental Vision that offers you Protective Canopy. We still wanted to make sure you have an easier chance to pick the fighters in your wishes, with all of them, except Baizhu, at a 4-star rating.
Now let's see what Dendro, Hydro, Pyro, and Geo will do for you in the fields of Teyvat.
Related:
Genshin Impact: Dendro Reaction Guide
First, remember that Dendro and Hydro are essential to activate Bloom, and when it is active, Dendro Cores will appear on the map. The Dendro Cores are the
perfect target for Xiangling's Pyro attacks
.
The reaction that you'll witness is Burgeon. This creates a 3x damage multiplier to the enemies on the field and damages your active character.
Now that's why you'll want Noelle on the field. Her Elemental Skill will protect you and offer some extra resistance while potentially activating Crystalize if your enemies are of different elements.
When you reach Baizhu's 4th Ascension Passive Skill, "All Things Are Of The Earth," for every 1.000 of max HP, it will increase the damage by 2 percent. So we're talking incredible potential for a mainly 4-star team here.
3
Baizhu - Ayato - Raiden - Yelan
Now it's time to bring out the big guns, and this is the first pure 5-star team on the list, but not the last. With some of the hardest-hitting characters Genshin has to offer, you can easily take down some of the most challenging bosses.
You'll enjoy the Hydro Elemental Resonance, Soothing Waters, here and take advantage of the perfect Elemental Reaction between the three elements together or separately
in the worst-case scenario that Raiden
or Baizhu don't make it to the end of the battle.
The ultimate combination you are going for here is Hyperbloom. Combining first Dendro and Hydro will give you the Dendro mentioned above Cores that you used to activate Burgeon when using a Pyro character.
Now you'll use Electro on the Dendro Cores and activate Hyperbloom. This way, you'll trigger a 3x damage multiplier against your enemies.
Compared to Burgeon, Hyperbloom doesn't affect your active character, so enjoy the copious amounts of pain you'll inflict on your foes.
2
Baizhu - Alhaitham - Raiden - Fischl
You'll realize that one of the most important aspects of playing Dendro and Electro is the ability to cause Spread, and what better way than by playing Baizhu with Alhaitham together?
Alhaitham brings some of the widest AoE in Dendro
and his ability to scale his Elemental Skill.
In addition, the double Elemental Resonance will ensure you output the most damage you can with this team.
Related:
Genshin Impact: Best Weapons For Baizhu
High Voltage will ensure that every time you activate Quicken or Aggravate, an Electro Particle will spawn, and Sprawling Greenery will increase your team's Elemental Mastery by 30 points every time you activate Quicken and by 20 for every time you start Spread or Aggravate. Thanks to the cooperative nature of the two Elements, you'll probably wonder why this isn't the best team composition for Baizhu.
1
Baizhu - Cyno - Nahida - Yelan
If you were reading the list and wondering why
we have yet to mention Cyno
, that is because he genuinely is the best teammate for Baizhu. Or is Baizhu the best one for Cyno? There is one thing that was a letdown when you first unlocked Cyno and added him to your roster, and that's how much he gets interrupted.
Now with Baizhu's shield, you'll be able to forego any interruption giving full power to Cyno's abilities.
But apart from the two is a match made in heaven,
there is also Nahida
, the second Dendro character you want in this composition because she will not only enable the passive Sprawling Greenery Resonance, but she also offers some of the best Elemental Mastery. You'll focus mainly on Hyperbloom.
Even though many people would prefer Xingqiu to Yelan in this composition, the increased damage output and AoE attacks
Yelan brings to the team are worth the trade-off
.
Next:
Genshin Impact: The Complete Guide
Live-Service Games
Genshin Impact
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
26.2%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
19.7%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.2%
007 First Light
007 First Light
9.1%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.6%
Other
Other
21.1%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Peter Molyneux Says Fable's Missing Morality-Based Body Changes Are "A Real Shame"
The Far Cry TV Show Won't Focus On Any Previous Storyline
Everything Announced At Final Fantasy 14's NA FanFest