Home
Guides
Genshin Impact
Genshin Impact Baizhu best build and Talent and Ascension materials
Everything you need to know about Baizhu in Genshin Impact.
Guide
by
Jessica Orr
Senior Guides Writer
Updated on
Nov. 7, 2023
Follow Genshin Impact
Baizhu
is a 5-Star Dendro character who was added to
Genshin Impact
during Phase 2 of the
version 3.6
update.
Baizhu is featured as the boosted 5-Star character in his Immaculate Pulse Banner in
version 4.2
, but he will eventually return at some point in the future when the
Banner schedule
cycles back to him.
Whether you have him, or want to prepare for if you do Wish for him successfully, it’s good to know the
best Baizhu  build
in
Genshin Impact
, including his
best Artifacts
and
best team
. It's also handy to learn what his
Constellation
perks are, and what
Baizhu Talent materials
and
Ascension materials
are needed to level up Baizhu to his full potential.
Be sure to check out our
beginner's guide with tips and tricks
, and
Genshin Impact codes
page to get free
Primogems
that can be used towards unlocking Baizhu and other
characters
.
On this page:
Baizhu materials and stats
:
Baizhu Talents, skills, star, element, and weapon
Baizhu Talent materials
Baizhu Ascension materials
Baizhu Constellations
Baizhu build
:
How to play Baizhu in Genshin Impact
Best Baizhu team comp
Best Baizhu Artifacts
Best Baizhu weapon
Best Baizhu build
Genshin Impact Baizhu Talents, skills, star, element, and weapon
Baizhu is a
5-Star Dendro character who uses a catalyst
, and is best used in a healer support role, but he can also apply a little Dendro and enhance its reactions with other Elements.
Here's a summary of Baizhu’s abilities and stats in Genshin Impact:
Element
: Dendro.
Rarity
: 5-Star.
Weapon
: Catalyst.
Banner
: Immaculate Pulse.
Best build
: Healer support.
Normal Attack
: The Classics of Acupuncture.
Elemental Skill
: Universal Diagnosis.
Elemental Burst
: Holistic Revivification.
Passive one
: Five Fortunes Forever (Baizhu gains different effects based on the current HP of your active character. When their HP is less than 50%, Baizhu gains a 20% healing bonus, and when their HP is equal to or more than 50%, Baizhu gains a 25% Dendro damage bonus).
Passive two
: All Things Are of the Earth (Characters who are healed by Seamless Shields will gain the Year of Verdant Favor effect. This means for each 1,000 Max HP that Baizhu has - not exceeding 50,000 - will increase the Burning, Bloom, Hyperbloom, and Burgeon reaction damage dealt by these characters by 2%. The Aggravate and Spread reaction damage dealt by these characters will be increased by 0.8% instead, with these effects lasting six seconds).
Exploration bonus
: Herbal Nourishment (When Baizhu is in the party, interacting with harvestable materials like flowers and fruits will heal your active character for 2.5% of Baizhu's Max HP).
Baizhu Normal Attack - The Classics of Acupuncture
It's a pretty simple normal attack kit for Baizhu, as he can perform up to four attacks in a row that deal Dendro damage, with his charged attack consuming stamina to deal AOE (area of effect) Dendro damage to enemies in front of him, after a short casting time.
For Baizhu's plunge attack, he jumps into the air, dealing damage to opponents on his path back down, then deals AOE Dendro damage after slamming to the ground.
Baizhu Elemental Skill - Universal Diagnosis
Baizhu's Elemental Skill produces a Gossamer Sprite that attacks nearby enemies, dealing Dendro damage. After it does three attack, or if there are no opponents nearby, the Sprite returns, healing all nearby party members based on Baizhu's Max HP.
Baizhu Elemental Burst - Holistic Revivification
After activating his Elemental Burst, Baixhu enters the Pulsing Clarity state, creating a Seamless Shield that absorbs Dendro damage with 250% effectiveness. While in this state, Baizhu will generate a new Seamless Shield every 2.5 seconds.
The Seamless Shield also heals your active character based on Baizhu's Max HP and attacks enemies with Spiritveins, dealing Dendro damage when a character is under the protection of a Seamless Shield when a new Seamless Shield is generated. They also deal Dendro damage when the shield breaks or goes away.
Genshin Impact Baizhu Talent materials
Crystalline Cyst Dust.
To get the most out of using Baizhu, you will have to level his skills up by using Talent materials, which vary from character-to-character.
For Baizhu, you'll need to farm a lot of Crystalline Cyst Dust and Gold materials (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade his capabilities.
As Baizhu has three Talents,
you will have to spend three times the Talent materials listed below to fully upgrade all of his abilities
, which we've also detailed below the table.
Here's what Baizhu Talent materials you need to improve one of his abilities:
Baizhu Talent level
Baizhu Talent materials
Mora cost
Level 2
x3 Teachings of Gold, x6 Fungal Spores
12,500
Level 3
x2 Guide to Gold, x3 Luminescent Pollen
17,500
Level 4
x4 Guide to Gold, x4 Luminescent Pollen
25,000
Level 5
x6 Guide to Gold, x6 Luminescent Pollen
30,000
Level 6
x9 Guide to Gold, x9 Luminescent Pollen
37,500
Level 7
x4 Philosophies of Gold, x4 Crystalline Cyst Dust, x1 Worldspan Fern
120,000
Level 8
x6 Philosophies of Gold, x6 Crystalline Cyst Dust, x1 Worldspan Fern
260,000
Level 9
x12 Philosophies of Gold, x9 Crystalline Cyst Dust, x2 Worldspan Fern
450,000
Level 10
x16 Philosophies of Gold, x12 Crystalline Cyst Dust, x2 Worldspan Fern, x1 Crown of Insight
700,000
Here's what Talent Materials you'll need to fully upgrade
one
of Baizhu's skills:
x1 Crown of Insight
x3 Teachings of Gold
x6 Fungal Spores
x6 Worldspan Fern
x21 Guide to Gold
x22 Luminescent Pollen
x31 Crystalline Cyst Dust
x38 Philosophies to Gold
1,652,500 Mora
To upgrade all
three
of Baizhu's skills, here's all the Talent Materials you'll need:
x3 Crown of Insight
x9 Teachings of Gold
x18 Fungal Spores
x18 Worldspan Fern
x63 Guide to Gold
x66 Luminescent Pollen
x93 Crystalline Cyst Dust
x114 Philosophies to Gold
4,957,500 Mora
Genshin Impact Baizhu Ascension materials
Violetgrass. |
Image credit:
HoYoverse
Just like Talents, you need to use Baizhu Ascension materials to upgrade his health, attack, defence, and critical hit effectiveness.
You need to farm a lot of Violetgrass and Crystalline Cyst Dust materials for Baizhu (if you don't already have them) to fully upgrade his capabilities.
Unlike Talent materials, you only need to spend the below Ascension materials once to fully raise Baizhu to his highest character level. There is also Acquaint Fate rewarded for reaching certain Ascension levels. You can spend this Fate on the
standard and beginner Banners
to Wish for characters and weapons.
Here's what Baizhu Ascension materials and Mora you need to upgrade him for each Ascension level:
Baizhu Ascension level
Baizhu Ascension materials
Mora cost
Ascension reward
Level 20
x1 Nagadus Emerald Sliver, x3 Violetgrass, x3 Fungal Spores
20,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 40
x3 Nagadus Emerald Fragment, x2 Evergloom Ring, x10 Violetgrass, x15 Fungal Spores
40,000
None
Level 50
x6 Nagadus Emerald Fragment, x4 Evergloom Ring, x20 Violetgrass, x12 Luminescent Pollen
60,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 60
x3 Nagadus Emerald Chunk, x8 Evergloom Ring, x30 Violetgrass, x18 Luminescent Pollen
80,000
None
Level 70
x6 Nagadus Emerald Chunk, x12 Evergloom Ring, x45 Violetgrass, x12 Crystalline Cyst Dust
100,000
x1 Acquaint Fate
Level 80
x6 Nagadus Emerald Gemstone, x20 Evergloom Ring, x60 Violetgrass, x24 Crystalline Cyst Dust
120,000
None
In total, here's
all the Ascension Materials
you need for Baizhu in Genshin Impact:
x1 Nagadus Emerald Sliver
x6 Nagadus Emerald Gemstone
x9 Nagadus Emerald Fragment
x9 Nagadus Emerald Chunk
x18 Fungal Spores
x30 Luminescent Pollen
x36 Crystalline Cyst Dust
x46 Evergloom Ring
x168 Violetgrass
420,000 Mora
Genshin Impact Baizhu Constellations
By getting duplicates of Baizhu from wishing on Banners, you will receive his Stella Fortuna. This material allows you to unlock Constellation levels, with each upgrade either improving an existing Talent or Passive ability.
Here are all of Baizhu's Constellations in Genshin Impact:
Attentive Observation (C1)
: Baizhu's Elemental Skill, Universal Diagnosis, gains one additional charge.
Incisive Discernment (C2)
: When the active character hits a nearby enemy, Baizhu will unleash a Gossamer Sprite: Splice. This will initiate one attack before returning, dealing 250% of Baizhu's attack as Dendro damage and healing for 20% of the Gossamer Sprite's normal healing. This is considered Elemental Skill damage, and can be triggered once every five seconds.
All Aspects Stabilized (C3)
: Increases the Level of Baizhu's Elemental Burst, Holistic Revivification, by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Ancient Art of Perception (C4)
: Baizhu will increase all nearby party members' Elemental Mastery by 80 for one second after Holistic Revivification is used.
The Hidden Ebb and Flow (C5)
: Increases the Level of Universal Diagnosis by three, with a maximum upgrade level of 15.
Elimination of Malicious Qi (C6)
: Increases the damage dealt by Holistic Revivification's Spiritveins by 8% of Baizhu's Max HP. Additionally, when a Gossamer Sprite or Gossamer Sprite: Splice hits enemies, one of Holistic Revivification's Seamless Shields will activate. This effect can only be triggered once by each Sprite.
How to play Baizhu in Genshin Impact
Baizhu's main benefits are his Elemental Skill healing, and the increase to Aggravate, Spread, and Hyperbloom reaction damage from his Elemental Burst after activating his second passive ability from Ascension. Burning, Bloom, and Burgeon also receive benefits, but aren't the ideal reactions to aim for with Baizhu.
This is the downside to Baizhu. He doesn't really excel in AOE situations due to the way his abilities apply Dendro, so to get the absolute most out of having him on your team, you should
slot Baizhu into single-target focused teams
. Hyperbloom is a bit of an outlier here, but the general reaction is so strong, it can even do well in single target situations (but Baizhu isn't the best choice for Hyperbloom, keep that in mind).
If you'd like AOE Dendro application with healing, Yaoyao will most likely be a better choice for both your health and Dendro application needs for Hyperbloom and Burgeon.
For the most part, you should swap to Baizhu and
activate his Skill if you need quick Dendro application with slightly delayed healing
. As long as you're building him right, this will be
a lot
of health, so even with the few seconds delay, he's a very useful support for you teams.
When you're going for maximum DPS in your Electro team rotations, apply Electro to an enemy, then switch to Baizhu and activate his Elemental Burst to apply Dendro and activate the Quicken reaction, then swap to your DPS Electro character and use their Electro abilities. Alternatively, you can use a Dendro character for the third reaction after Quicken.
This way, you get the more powerful Aggravate or Spread reactions. If you need more Dendro for Electro DPS main teams, you'll have an easier time using another Dendro character along with Baizhu.
Best Baizhu team comp in Genshin Impact
As Baizhu is good in teams that can trigger Aggravate, Spread, or Hyperbloom, but doesn't apply Dendro as much as some characters, you should ideally pair with another Dendro character.
Nahida
is the best at applying more Dendro, but you could also substitute her for the
Dendro Traveler
. If it's a Dendro DPS you need, then
Alhaitham
is also a good choice.
Baizhu is best good when paired with Electro and Dendro characters to take advantage of Aggravate and Spread reactions.
For your Electro team members,
Fischl
is an ideal choice for her amazing Electro application and Energy, but
Raiden Shogun
is also good for Energy needs while also being your main DPS.
Keqing
or even
Beidou
can work for dealing Electro damage, but
Cyno
is our pick as your Electro damage-dealer in Baizhu parties, as his kit fits in nicely with how Baizhu works.
For Hyperbloom teams, you're basically going to be replacing Yaoyao with Baizhu. So
Nahida, Raiden Shogun and Xingqiu or Yelan
are the absolute best options here. Although, do keep in mind that Baizhu isn't the best for your DPS needs - he's best at keeping your team alive.
Best Baizhu Artifacts in Genshin Impact
Part of the Deepwood Memories set.
In any team that relies on damage from Dendro reactions, it's always best to have somebody in your party who has the Deepwood Memories set equipped. Ideally, this should be on the Dendro character who attacks most often to boost their personal damage, but any party member can equip Deepwood Memories to help decrease enemies' Dendro resistance and raise your party's DPS potential.
That said, even though he's not usually your main attacker or source of Dendro application, we think
Baizhu's best Artifact set is the 4-piece Deepwood Memories
because it frees up your other Dendro character to equip something like the Gilded Dreams set to boost their Elemental Mastery, increasing the DPS potential of the whole team.
Alternatively, although not as effective, you can mix-and-match some other sets, like the
2-piece Tenacity of the Millelith
for more health, and the
2-piece Emblem of Severed Fate
for Energy needs.
If you're only using Baizhu for his healing, the
2-piece Ocean-Hued Clam
can be helpful if you already have enough health or Energy Recharge.
As for Baizhu's Artifact stats, if your team and weapon give you enough Energy Recharge, pick HP for your sands. If they don't, it's best to go for Energy Recharge on the sands instead. For the other Artifact stats, it's usually always best to choose HP.
Best Baizhu weapon in Genshin Impact
As with most signatures, the
5-Star Jadefall's Splendor catalyst
is Baizhu's best weapon in Genshin Impact. Signature weapons are basically custom built for characters, as is the case with this one.
The 5-Star Jadefall's Splendor catalyst has an ability that adds the Primordial Jade Regalia effect after its user activates an Elemental Burst or activates a shield. This then restores Energy over time, and adds Elemental Damage bonus for their corresponding Elemental Type for every 1,000 Max HP they possess. This effect will stay active even when Baizhu isn't on the field.
You can repurpose other 5-Star catalysts for their base health and Energy Recharge stats, but the
4-Star Prototype Amber
is actually pretty good for its Energy regeneration and boost to Baizhu's health.
As always, the good old
4-Star Favonius Codex
is a great weapon for Baizhu if you need more Energy Particles and Energy Recharge.
Version 6.4 Phase 2 sees the returning 5-Star
Skirk
and a rerun of
Escoffier
. 

So don't forget to redeem
new codes
for
Primogems
to help pull them, and check out our regularly updated
tier list
.

You need luck from the
Pity and 50/50 systems
to
Wish with Fate
for characters on
Banners
, and you always need the right
Adventure Rank
for events.

Elsewhere, we have
tips and tricks for beginners
.
Best Baizhu build in Genshin Impact
If you want to take advantage of his healing and single-target focused Dendro application, we have compiled what we think is currently the best Baizhu build in Genshin Impact:
Baizhu Best Weapon
: 5-Star Jadefall's Splendor catalyst.
Baizhu Best Artifacts
: 4-Piece Deepwood Memories.
Baizhu Best team comp
: Nahida, Cyno, Fischl.
It can take a lot of time to farm for the materials needed to get Baizhu to his full potential, but if you're after an excellent healer with a little Dendro application, Baizhu is an effective teammate - especially in Spread and Aggravate teams.
Good luck levelling up Baizhu in Genshin Impact!
To see this content please enable targeting cookies.
Manage cookie settings