Share
Facebook
𝕏
Reddit
Email
Furina is a very flexible team member. Here are all the team compositions you can make to include Furina in Genshin Impact.
Furina has a lot of synergy with various characters (Image via HoYoverse)
Furina, the Hydro Archon, is one of the best units for any team. She can provide the off-field hydro application with high damage, alongside providing healing in a pinch. Her Burst gives the entire team a very nice damage buff as well.
Fans may be wondering about Furina’s team-building potential. In this article, we will explore the various team compositions possible for Furina de Fontaine in Genshin Impact.
Using Furina as Sub-DPS and Support
Furina, the Hydro Archon (Image via HoYoverse)
There are plenty of teams and characters where Furina can be a support or a sub-DPS unit. These teams could utilize her off-field hydro application and good damage or focus on her burst to gain a good damage bonus.
You can make many team compositions with her. These could include pure hydro or vaporize teams. Some of these teams are:
Neuvillette and Furina Team
Neuvillette pairs very well with Furina (Image via HoYoverse)
Furina and Neuvillette are two of the most well co-ordinated units in Genshin Impact. Furina does constant hydro damage from off-field, while Neuvillette spins-to-win actively. Furina’s Elemental Burst will start gaining stacks the more HP is lost or gained. Neuvillette is one of the best teammates for Furina.
Neuvillette is constantly losing and gaining HP while performing his charged attacks. So, it ensures that Furina keeps gaining stacks on her Elemental Burst. Along with these two, there are a number of units you can consider as your third and fourth pick.
Kazuha and Baizhu are one set you can use. Baizhu provides healing for Furina’s Burst stacks, alongside giving a shield to Neuvillette. This lets Neuvillette use his charge attacks with no interruption. Meanwhile, Kazuha will swirl the Hydro element, letting Neuvillette gain another stack of Past Draconic Glories. Moreover, swirling the Hydro element will allow both Furina and Neuvillette to dish out increased damage.
Alternatively, you could also use Jean and Zhongli with the above two units. Jean’s burst heals the entire party, which would let Furina gain stacks for her buff. Zhongli would provide constant shielding and a defense debuff to nearby enemies. Additionally, Jean would be using Viridescent Venerer which would shred the defense of the enemies
Furina Bloom Team Compositions
Nilou is extremely good for a bloom team (Image via Hoyoverse)
A bloom team needs just two things to work; one is a dendro applier and the other is a hydro appliers. Furina does constant off-field Hydro damage, and also provides a great damage buff. This makes her a prime unit for a bloom team.
Ideally, a bloom team including Furina in the current meta would look something like:
Nilou
Nahida
Baizhu
This team has 2 dendro units, and 2 hydro units. This lets Nilou’s passives get activated as well. Firstly, Nahida is one of the best Dendro units due to her EM buffing, and Dendro application. Secondly, we have Baizhu, an off-field Dendro applier, shielder, and healer.
The healing and shielding will be crucial for survivability, especially in a Bloom team which will be taking heavy damage from the Dendro cores. Lastly, the core member of this team is Nilou. Nilou creates Bountiful Cores instead of Dendro Cores, which deal significantly more damage than their counterparts.
Moreover, her talents make these cores explode faster. Her having a high HP pool also means that she will be able to survive on the field.
Furina Vaporize Team Compositions
Hu Tao and Xiangling can take use of Furina’s damage buffs and Hydro application (Image via HoYoverse)
There are several Main DPS Pyro units in the game. Hu Tao and Furina’s kits mix quite well. Firstly Hu Tao needs to constantly be at low HP to deal higher damage. Therefore, Furina constantly HP draining the entire party to 50% is a good way to achieve this result.
Secondly, Furina provides good off-field Hydro application. This, combined with her Burst buffs, makes Hu Tao’s damage skyrocket. Alongside these two, you should be using another Hydro applier, since Furina won’t be applying Hydro as fast.
Therefore, a good third character for this team would be Yelan or Xingqiu. These characters can keep up with Hu Tao’s constant Pyro application. In addition, two Hydro units being on the team will let both of them gain energy for their bursts faster.
Lastly, we have one slot left. This could go to any shielder, allowing Hu Tao to survive longer. You could use someone like Layla, to get off the occasional Melt reactions. Alternatively, you could also use just use Zhongli for a big safe shield, and his defense reduction will let Hu Tao deal more damage as well.
Using Furina As the Main DPS
Furina can be a dependable main DPS. (Image via HoYoverse)
Using her as Main DPS is only possible once she reaches C6. Before that, it is not recommended to be running her as your main damage dealer. However, if you have attained all her Constellations, you can use her in several teams with her as the Main DPS.
Since these teams will have her as the main DPS, you should use as many support units as possible. These include Kazuha or Xilonen (or both) for reducing defense. Additionally, you could try using Xiangling as your off-field Pyro applier. This will let Furina vaporize all her attacks, dealing even more damage.
Furina at C6 is strong enough that you could slot her into any team, and she will most likely steamroll everything you come across (barring a Hydro slime). These were some of the team compositions possible with Furina in Genshin Impact.
Looking For More?
Thank you for reading the article. We provide the latest news and create guides for Baldur’s Gate 3, Starfield, ARK Survival Ascended, and more. Also, watch Deltia play games on
Twitch
or visit his
YouTube
channel!
The First Descendant Guides
Baldur’s Gate 3 Guides
Destiny 2 Guides
Dragon Age: The Veilguard Guides