Genshin Impact: Dendro Traveler, Build and Farming Guide
esports.gg Editorial Team
Sep. 15, 2022
·
4 min read
Gaming
Genshin Impact
News
When you start playing Genshin Impact, you are given the choice between playing as Lumine or Aether. Regardless of the one you select, they will be a free five-star character. In the game, they will be referred to as the Traveler and will be able to swap elements using the different Statue of The Sevens.
How to enable Dendro for Traveler?
If you go to Sumeru and resonate with the statue, you will gain the power of Dendro. This is the seventh element added to the game and is considered by many to be the most powerful version of the Traveler.
Below we go over how to build the Dendro Traveler and make them capable of massive amounts of damage.
Best Weapons for Dendro (Genshin Impact)
The great thing about building the Traveler once is that you will be well set-up regardless of the element you choose. Since Aether and Lumine are the first characters you get in the game, their weapons are easy to obtain. In fact, you likely already have several copies of the four-star substitute weapon, and you may have even acquired the five-star sword that works best with them as well.
Here are the best bows to use with the Dendro Traveler in Genshin Impact:
Freedom-Sworn
: This sword helps boost the Traveler’s elemental mastery and provides sigils for every elemental reaction that they trigger. When two sigils have been obtained, the party will receive an attack buff.
Sacrificial Sword
: This sword boosts elemental recharge. In addition, when the Traveler hits an opponent, there is a 40 percent chance their elemental skill will reset.
Both of these swords can easily be obtained by pulling on the Standard Banner. The Sacrificial Sword is also gotten through doing pulls on special banners as well, and many players already have quite a few in their inventory. Be sure to refine the Sacrificial Sword if possible.
Best Artifact
One thing that you will need to swap out each time you change elements is the Traveler’s artifact set. Each element works a bit differently, as do the attacks that the Traveler uses. Luckily, it’s pretty easy to get the Dendro artifact set.
Here is the best artifact set to use with the Dendro Traveler:
Deepwood Memories
: This set increased the Dendro Travelers’ elemental attacks by 15 percent. In addition, using their skill or burst will make an enemy 30 percent weaker to Dendro for eight seconds.
You can get the Deepwood Memories set from the Spire of Solitary domain in Sumeru. This may take you a few days to farm out as the drops you get from the domain are split between two sets. Keep in mind that all five-star artifacts are free. You only need to use resin to claim your reward at the end of each challenge.
Team Composition
One of the most interesting things about the Traveler is just how easily they can fit into different team comps. The Dendro Traveler is considered to be a support or sub-DPS character. They can help to trigger elemental reactions related to Dendro, or to deal heavy amounts of Dendro damage to enemies when built correctly.
Some characters they’re being paired with are:
Fischl
Kokomi
Mona
Beidou
Raiden Shogun
Yae Miko
Xiangling
Xingqiu
Klee
Yoimiya
Diluc
Bennett
In all honesty, if they are a Pyro, Hydro, or Electro character, you can probably make them work well with the Dendro Traveler. You should also know that the Dendro Traveler is able to apply their Dendro field for the longest amount of time out of all the current Dendro characters. Many players are even choosing to use them over Collei in Meta team comps.
Farming List
Depending on how you’ve played the games and your early pulls, you may or may not have built your Traveler. Luckily, leveling won’t reset when you switch elements, so you only need to level them once. Like other characters, they do still require books and items to ascend to level 90.
Here is the list of specialty items that you need to ascend the Dendro Travelerto level 90.
168x Windwheel Aster
18x Damaged Mask
30x Stained Mask
36x Ominous Mask
On top of this, you will also need to up your Adventure Rank to get the
Brilliant Diamond gems
. You can get Windwheel Aster from around
Windrise
in Mondstadt. Masks are dropped by Hilichurls, which are the most common enemy to find in the game. You likely will find that you already have a pile of masks ready to help you level.
In all honesty, these are some of the easiest leveling materials to gather in the game. Even if you have just started playing, you should be able to get the Traveler fully ascended in a couple of weeks at most. You don’t have to worry much about using up items on them either, as we have already moved away from Mondstadt characters, and Hilichurls are so plentiful that you will never run out of masks.
Talent Farming List (Dendro – Genshin Impact)
One thing that does change is the Traveler’s talent level when switching elements. This is due to every element you use having a different set of skills. Like most characters, you will need to level these talents from level one and gather the Traveler’s constellations from around Sumeru to finish fully leveling them up.
Here is the list of items you need to raise the Dendro Traveler talents.
9x Teachings of Admonition
63x Guide to Admonition
114x Philosophies of Admonition
18x Damaged Mask
66x Stained Mask
93x Ominous Mask
18x End of the Oneiric Euthymia
3x Crown of Insight
Admonition books can be obtained from the
Steeple of Ignorance Domain
on Monday, Thursday, and Sunday in Sumeru. The End of the Oneiric Euthymia is a weekly boss item from the
Raiden Shogun
boss fight in
Inazuma
.
Crown of Insights are a bit harder to get as they are extremely limited. These items only can be obtained from the Sacred Sakura tree, the Tree of Dreams, and limited-time in-game events. Be careful when choosing which character you want to triple crown.
Stay tuned to
esports.gg
for more Genshin Impact coverage.
Trending articles
Caedrel, Ludwig, ohnePixel and more streamers face off in Twitch Rivals GeoGuessr tournament
Streamers
“We’re trying to create experiences that players will remember for years to come”: David Xu and Derek Chan on the Wild Rift x Porsche collaboration
League of Legends
VCT EMEA 2026 Stage 2 Finals: Fan fest and ticket sales information
Valorant
SR meL steps away from pro play in 2026 to focus on mental health
Valorant
Related posts
Is 007 First Light coming to Xbox Game Pass? Explained
Gaming
007 First Light: Pre-order bonuses, editions, prices, and more
Gaming
Is Saros coming to PC and Xbox? Explained
Gaming
Iron Galaxy announces layoffs; says they are reducing company size
Gaming
Featured games
Marvel Rivals
Marvel Rivals
Rematch
Rematch
Fortnite
Fortnite
Featured events
LEC Spring Split 2025
Event
PGL Wallachia Season 4
Event
Brawl Stars April Finals
Event
IEM Melbourne 2025
Event