Genshin Impact Dendro Traveler Build: Artifacts, Weapons, Team Comps, And More!
Muhammad Kumar
-
Sep 06, 2022
|
Mobile Games
Dendro Traveler is definitely a must-build as they are the most powerful version of the Traveler to date. Check this article for the best Genshin Impact Dendro Traveler build.
Genshin Impact Cyno: Abilities, Constellations, Ascension Materials Revealed
BEST Place To Farm Rukkhashava Mushroom Farming Routes For Collei
How To Unlock & Defeat Electro Regisvine In Genshin Impact
Table of Contents
1. Dendro Traveler Skill Set Overview
2. Dendro Traveler Passives
3. Genshin Impact Dendro Traveler Build
4. Best Dendro Traveler Team Comps
Similar to all previous regions, the Traveler acquired the Dendro Element upon arrival in Sumeru. Unlike the previous regions, however, the Dendro Traveler is an S tier support, with a great kit suitable to a lot of team comp. In this article, Gurugamer is going to showcase a complete Genshin Impact Dendro Traveler build guide.
Similar to the Anemo, Geo, and Electro variants of the Traveler, resonating with a Statue of the Seven in Sumeru will give the Traveler the Dendro powers.
1. Dendro Traveler Skill Set Overview
Overall, players need to max the Dendro Traveler's Burst first, then Skill and leaving his Normal Attack for last.
Normal Attack: Foreign Fieldcleaver
Normal Attack: Perform up to 5 rapid strikes.
Charged Attack: Consumes a certain amount of Stamina to unleash 2 rapid sword strikes.
Plunging Attack: Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact.
Elemental Skill: Razorgrass Blade
With a flourish of your blade, you unleash a spray of razor-sharp leaves that go before you and deal Dendro DMG. Cooldown: 8 seconds.
Elemental Skill: Surgent Manifestation
Calling upon the might of the flora all around you, you create a Lea Lotus Lamp. This Lamp will deal continuous Dendro DMG to opponents within its AoE.
Lotuslight Transfiguration
The Lea Lotus Lamp will undergo the following changes after it comes into contact with Hydro/Electro/Pyro:
Hydro: the Lamp’s AoE and the AoE of its attacks are increased.
Electro: the Lamp’s ATK SPD is increased.
Pyro: the Lamp will explode after a short delay and then disappear, dealing AoE Dendro DMG.
The Lea Lotus Lamp can only undergo one Lotuslight Transfiguration in its duration. Only one Lamp created by the Traveler can exist at any one time.
2. Dendro Traveler Passives
Passive Talent
Verdant Overgrowth
: Lea Lotus Lamp will obtain one level of Overflowing Lotuslight every second it is on the field, increasing the Elemental Mastery of active character(s) within its AoE by 6. Overflowing Lotuslight has a maximum of 10 stacks.
Verdant Luxury
: Every point of Elemental Mastery the Traveler possesses increases the DMG dealt by Razorgrass Blade by 0.15% and the DMG dealt by Surgent Manifestation by 0.1%.
Constellation
Dendro Traveler automatically comes with all constellations unlocked. Overall, the most useful constellation levels are 1 and 4. The first constellation boosts Dendro Traveler's energy regeneration greatly while the 4th gives the active character 30EM.
Symbiotic Creeper
: After Razorgrass Blade hits an opponent, it will regenerate 3.5 Energy for the Traveler.
Green Resilience
: Lea Lotus Lamp‘s duration is increased by 3s.
Whirling Weeds
: Increases the Level of Razorgrass Blade by 3. The maximum upgrade level is 15.
Treacle Grass
: After the Lea Lotus Lamp triggers a Lotuslight Transfiguration, it will obtain 5 stacks of the Overflowing Lotuslight effect from the Passive Talent “Verdant Overgrowth.” You must have unlocked this Passive Talent first.
Viridian Transience
: Increases the Level of Surgent Manifestation by 3. The maximum upgrade level is 15.
Withering Aggregation
: The Dendro DMG Bonus of the character under the effect of Overflowing Lotuslight as created by the Lea Lotus Lamp is increased by 12%. If the Lamp has experienced a Lotuslight Transfiguration previously, the character will also gain a 12% DMG Bonus for the corresponding element.
Dendro Traveler might be the strongest version of the MC so far.
3. Genshin Impact Dendro Traveler Build
Overall, the Dendro Traveler is actually a very good off-field Dendro DPS. He is viable as the second Sub-DPS character in any Dendro team comp. Higher Constellations unlocks more support tools and remove his weakness, which is the high Elemental Burst cost.
Sub-DPS and Support Builds for Dendro Traveler
Best Weapon
Freedom-Sworn
Replacement Weapons
Sacrificial Sword
Favonius Sword
Iron Sting
Best Artifacts
Deepwood Memories x4
The Dendro Traveler needs Energy Recharge, Elemental Mastery, Dendro Damage Bonus, Crit Rate and Crit Chance.
This is the best Sub-DPS and Support build for the Dendro Traveler if there are no other Dendro characters using the Deepwood artifact set. You will need +180% Energy Recharge to Burst off cooldown, however, this can change depending on the other characters in the lineup.
Players can replace the Deepwood set for Gilded Dreams if they are running another Dendro character with Deepwood Memories in the lineup.
4.
Best Dendro Traveler Team Comps
All team comps with the Dendro Traveler are focused on triggering the various reactions.
Premium Aggravate Team Comp
Main DPS
Sub-DPS
Sub-DPS
Support
Raiden
Yae Miko
Traveler (Dendro)
Jean
This team focuses on the Aggravate Dendro reaction, with the Traveler enabling Raiden and Yae Miko's damage. Raiden's Burst aid greatly in fulfilling the Traveler's ER requirements. The last slot is pretty flexible - players can use Jean for the Venerer buff and healing or Kazuha for the extra EM.
Bloom Freeze Team
Main DPS
Sub-DPS
Sub-DPS
Sub-DPS
Kokomi
Collei
Traveler (Dendro)
Kaeya
This team focuses on triggering the Bloom reaction while attacking with a Hydro character. The extra Freeze reaction allow the Blooms to explode on their own without any interruption.
Bloom Electro-Charged Team Comp
Main DPS
Sub-DPS
Sub-DPS
Support
Tartaglia
Traveler (Dendro)
Fischl
Shinobu
This team focuses on creating Dendro cores and triggering them to release Sprawling shots. Players can use any Hydro character for the main DPS role.
Burning Team
Main DPS
Sub-DPS
Sub-DPS
Support
Collei
Traveler (Dendro)
Xiangling
Thoma
This burning team consists of 2 Dendro and 2 Pyro characters aiming to continuously apply Burning to enemies.
>>> Read more:
Genshin Impact Sumeru Update Roadmap And Patch Schedule Revealed
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Guide
#Genshin Impact Characters
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025