The Best Party For Dendro Traveler In Genshin Impact
By
Sanyam Jain
Published
Sep 14, 2022, 8:16 PM EDT
Sanyam Jain is a Staff Writer at TheGamer who has worked as a professional gaming journalist since 2022. A Journalism and Mass Communication graduate, he has been testing the limits of the games he plays for as long as he can remember.
An expert in RPG, Open-World, and Gacha games, Sanyam's articles are based on hours upon hours of testing with every new character, mechanic, or puzzle to ensure that you get every information you'll need about it.
Sign in to your
TheGamer
account
Add Us On
Jump links
Jump Links
Ultra-Fast Damage
Reaching Great Boundaries
Ultimate Destruction
Mono-Dendro Team
The Main Character
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Hoyoverse has already released four main regions in
Genshin Impact
and multiple characters across these regions. With so much variety, every new character that gets released has a ton of options available when finding
the perfect combination for that character
.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best Team Compositions For Tighnari
Dendro Traveler is arguably one of the most fun to play because of their kit and the way
Dendro reactions
work. Their Elemental Burst can essentially have three different effects, allowing you to create many effective teams that all feel completely different from one another. This can be used to find your own favorite team.
Ultra-Fast Damage
Dendro Traveler
Kaedehara Kazuha
Yae Miko
Raiden Shogun
The unique effect of the Dendro Traveler's Elemental Burst is that
it can have various effects depending on the element applied to it
, almost like the Elemental Bursts of Anemo characters. This allows for different teams to be built for different effects. Unfortunately, you can't use multiple effects on the same burst.
Whenever you use the Elemental Burst, it creates a lamp with its own area of effect. The lamp forms flowers to deal damage to the enemies in this area at regular intervals. When Electro is applied to this lamp,
it increases the attack speed of these flowers
, allowing them to perform many more attacks.
It is important to use an Anemo character that pulls the enemies in with this build. This is because the area of the lamp's effect stays the same when Electro is applied, meaning
enemies can easily run out of it
.
Every single one of these attacks deals Dendro damage. So, with this team, you'll notice constant
Quicken, Aggravate, and Spread reactions
, which are among the strongest Dendro reactions. Since there are multiple Electro characters in this composition, here's what the rotation for this team should look like:
Start with
Yae Miko's Elemental Skill,
since you have multiple Electro characters with a bunch of Electro applications. After that, switch over to Kazuha and use his Elemental Burst and Skill to
Swirl Electro
.
Next, switch over to the Dendro Traveler and use your Elemental Skill, instantly followed by their Burst. Quickly switch to Raiden and
use her Elemental Skill near the lamp
to make sure Electro gets applied to it.
Finally, you can use Yae Miko's Elemental Burst, followed by
Raiden's Elemental Burst, which will regenerate energy on all characters.
This allows you to continue using this cycle.
All of these are five-star characters, and there's a chance that you might not have access to them. In that case, Kazuha can be replaced by
Sucrose,
while Yae Miko and Raiden Shogun can be replaced by
Kuki Shinobu and Fischl
.
The only problem you might face with this team is the energy regeneration for the Traveler. So, it's recommended to
equip Sands with Energy Recharge or weapons like the
Sacrificial Sword
that have this key stat
.
Reaching Great Boundaries
Dendro Traveler
Collei
Sangonomiya Kokomi
Kamisato Ayato
The second possible reaction that can be applied to the lamp created by Elemental Burst is using
Hydro
. Whenever this element is applied to it,
the area of effect of the lamp is increased massively
. While it'll still attack at normal speed, this will allow you to reach enemies in a much bigger radius.
Since an Anemo character isn't required to group the enemies up with this build, it can be replaced by Collei —
who can be used as a battery to regenerate the Traveler's energy faster
.
Furthermore, the Hydro application from the two Hydro characters will cause a lot of Bloom reactions, making multiple seeds. The rotation for this team is fairly simple:
Start with
Kokomi's Elemental Skill
to keep that healing effect on whichever character is on the field, and follow it up with Collei's Elemental Burst and Skill to
start making the Bloom reactions
.
Since Collei doesn't take much time on the field, you can quickly
switch over to Ayato and use his Elemental Burst and Skill.
This causes even more Bloom reactions with Collei's Burst.
Finally, use the
Traveler's Burst and Skill, followed up by Kokomi's Burst
. This should give you enough battery to get everyone's Burst back up, making this team one with great ability uptime.
The seeds formed by the Bloom reaction can't stay on the field forever. Whenever there are more than five seeds, the first one explodes, dealing Dendro damage. This allows the
Dendro application to be on par with the Hydro application
.
Kokomi and Ayato can be replaced by
Yelan, Barbara, or Xingqiu,
although these characters have weaker elemental application.
RELATED:
Genshin Impact: Best Team Compositions For Collei
Ultimate Destruction
Dendro Traveler
Bennett
Xiangling
Diona
It's hardly news that whenever Pyro comes into the picture,
destruction happens
. This is the same for the Traveler's Burst. Whenever Pyro is applied to the lamp,
it explodes after a small delay, dealing Dendro damage
in its area of effect. When this happens, the lamp will have a withering animation for a second, after which it'll explode.
Apart from that, this team also relies on the
Burning reaction.
Even though it has been nerfed, it's still perfect for regular damage. Bennett's position in the team is due to his ATK buff and Pyro resonance, which provides the team with even more damage.
Diona is an easily replaceable character in this team. Cryo cannot have any reaction with Dendro, so the only reason for her to be in this team is to
apply Cryo with her burst for the Melt reaction
.
The rotation for this team is simple as well:
Start with
Bennett's Elemental Burst and follow up with his Skill
to apply an ATK buff to the characters on the field.
Next, use the
Traveler's Burst and Skill, followed by those for Xiangling
. This will start the Burning reaction and explosions, while it also allows the Pyro character to regenerate energy with their skills combined.
Finish the rotation with Diona's skills to
apply Cryo and further heal your characters
, if they need it. As mentioned, she can be replaced with
Rosaria, Kaeya, or a shield character
.
One problem you can face with this team is energy regeneration for the Traveler. You could think about
replacing Diona with another Dendro character,
to serve as a battery for the team.
Mono-Dendro Team
Dendro Traveler
Tighnari
Collei
Zhongli
Whenever a character is released for a certain element, always worth attempting to create a team with just that element. Since
Dendro characters were released fairly late
, it is significantly hard to come up with an all-Dendro squad. Moreover, Genshin Impact relies on reactions,
making this team a little less efficient
.
There's no specific rotation to this team, but
Tighnari will be the main DPS
since he can deal a lot of damage with his second charged attack. Furthermore, you'll never fall short of energy for your Bursts on any of the characters, because
they'll all recharge Dendro skills much faster
. Zhongli already has a short requirement for his Burst.
If you have the Traveler's sixth Constellation, which can be unlocked for free after doing the main quests and exploration in Sumeru, you can
replace Zhongli with any Electro, Pyro, or Hydro character
. This is because the constellation gives extra Dendro damage when the lamp undergoes a reaction.
The Main Character
Dendro Traveler
Yun Jin
Bennett
Zhongli
While the kit for Dendro Traveler doesn't really incentivize them to be the main DPS, it is still possible with the right teammates.
If you love the main character and want to use them as much as possible
, this team is perfect for you.
Bennett will provide a
straight ATK buff
, while Zhongli will
reduce the Dendro resistance of enemies
. Furthermore, Yun Jin will buff your normal attack damage by providing extra damage when you use her Elemental Burst. This will allow you to continue to use the Traveler
even after using all of their skills
.
NEXT:
Genshin Impact Complete Guide And Walkthrough
Gaming Guides
Live-Service Games
Triple-A Games
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Poll
POLL
Which game are you most looking forward to in 2026?
Grand Theft Auto VI
Grand Theft Auto VI
26.4%
Half-Life 3
Half-Life 3
19.8%
Marvel's Wolverine
Marvel's Wolverine
12.0%
007 First Light
007 First Light
9.2%
Forza Horizon 6
Forza Horizon 6
11.5%
Other
Other
21.1%
See Results
Submit
Trending Now
Masters Of Albion Launches In Early Access To Mixed Reviews
Unannounced Ubisoft Life Sim Reportedly Cancelled At Ubisoft Montreal
Oh No, The Marvel Rivals Skin We Waited A Year For Is Pretty Boring