TOP 5 F2P And Pay-To-Win GANYU Teams In Genshin Impact
Yooki
-
Sep 25, 2022
|
Mobile Games
Check out top five Ganyu teams for Genshin Impact players. She can play well in many teams as the main DPS or sub-DPS to deal tons of damage.
Upcoming Genshin Impact 3.1 Events For Primogems & Materials
5 Best Characters For Single Target DPS In Genshin Impact
Top 5 Characters To Team Up With Genshin Impact CYNO In Update 3.1
A lot of players have got Ganyu in Genshin Impact 3.0. She can play well in many teams as the main DPS or sub-DPS. Here are the top five Ganyu teams for free-to-play or pay-to-win players in this game.
Table of Contents
#1. Reverse Melt
#2. Frozen Team
#3. Bloom Team
#4. Ayaka Team
#5. F2P Ganyu Team
#1. Reverse Melt
In this team, Ganyu will trigger reverse melt elemental reactions with her elemental burst to deal insane damage to enemies. Ganyu must team up with Xiangling and Bennett to trigger the Melt reactions.
In the last position of this team, you can choose Zhongli, Kazuha, or Jean based on your favorite effects and available characters.
Zhongli can create a solid shield for the whole team;
Kazuha and Jean can expand the application range of Pyro and Cryo elements on the battlefield.
In addition, all three options for the last position can reduce the elemental resistance of enemies.
Ganyu and Xiangling
#2. Frozen Team
Frozen Team is the most popular and traditional team of Ganyu. You have more options for this team. But Ganyu must be the main DPS character in this team. Then, choose a Cryo sub-DPS and a Hydro supporter.
Cryo sub-DPS: Diona or Rosaria;
Hydro supporters: Mona or Kokomi.
The last member can be Zhongli, Jean, or Kazuha. If you need a shield creator and healer, Diona is the ideal choice. But Rosaria is better if you focus on the Crit damage.
Frozen team of Ganyu
#3. Bloom Team
The Bloom team is built based on the new Dendro element in this game. Therefore, you need a Dendro character and a Hydro character in this team. Here are some highly recommended members of this team.
Hydro character: Kokomi;
Dendro character:
Dendro Traveler
;
Anemo supporter: Kazuha or Venti or Sucrose.
Unlike previous teams, Ganyu does not play as the main DPS in this team. Instead, she will be an off-field Cryo supporter to team up with Kokomi and freeze enemies and let other characters trigger the Bloom reaction.
Ganyu and Aether
#4. Ayaka Team
Ganyu can also play as a sub-DPS for Ayaka's team. This is one of the best Ganyu teams with Ayaka as the main DPS. When Ganyu and Ayaka combine their elemental bursts, they can clear a wide range of enemies in a few seconds.
The two other members need to support them in applying Hydro elements and expanding the elemental application, such as:
Off-field Hydro supporter: Yelan, Mona, or Kokomi;
Anemo supporter: Kazuha, Jean, Venti, or Sucrose.
You can also replace the Anemo supporter with the Geo Archon Zhongli to keep on-field DPS safe.
Cryo resonance team
#5. F2P Ganyu Team
If you are a F2P beginner in Genshin Impact, it's hard to get Ayaka, Zhongli, Kokomi, Venti, etc. to build the four previous teams. You can use three 4-star characters, including Diona, Xiangling, and Sucrose to support Ganyu.
Though they are not the best of their families, they can apply the necessary element for essential reactions and effects. Moreover, they are free to use.
>>> Also Read:
Top 5 Teams For Dendro Aether/Lumine In Genshin Impact 3.0
Tags
#Genshin Impact
#Genshin Impact Characters
#Genshin Impact Guide
Comments
Sort by
Newest
|
Popular
Please
sign in
to send your comment.
Send
View more comments
Next story
MOST POPULAR
127468 views
Mobile Games
-
Jun 05, 2025
10 Hottest Mobile Games to Play in 2025 - They Are Super Addictive!
110050 views
Mobile Games
-
Jan 06, 2026
How Popular is Free Fire in India in 2026?
108071 views
Mobile Games
-
Aug 16, 2021
Azur Lane Equipment Tier List Complete Guide 2025 Updated
97757 views
Mobile Games
-
Dec 31, 2025
Best Mobile Games Offline In 2026 You Should Give A Try
95541 views
Mobile Games
-
Sep 29, 2025
Free Fire Headshot Hack: Everything About Headshot Hack In Free Fire (Updated 2025)
FEATURED STORIES
Free Fire MAX Redeem Codes March 31, 2026: Get Free Diamonds with 100% Working Codes
Honkai Star Rail Sparxie 4.0 Hypercarry Guide
Genshin Impact 6.3 Columbina Ultimate Build Guide
BGMI Firearm Combat Power Leaderboards: Full Guide to Free Mythic Titles
How To Boost Free Fire Honor Score Complete Guide 2025